- one boom hello Abby
hello Joe what's going on nothing much I
saw you chillin with Oliver Stone the
other day yeah it's pretty cool he's an
interesting guy very interesting guy
yeah he likes to support radical
politics so he came out for the
screening of the new film that we did
yeah he's a very unusual character in
that regard right cuz he's like this
blockbuster movie maker guy but he's
also a pretty radical guy in the way in
his politics and when he supports and
yeah he's kind of like the black sheep
of Hollywood for a while you know doing
all the radical kind of the radical
outlier of Hollywood basically yeah but
the do you saw the JFK movie right yeah
that was a weird one right it's like I
kind of like it but I've kind of like
hey man that fucking general wasn't even
a real person like you made up a real
person like you put him in there okay I
didn't exist like yeah good very very
good but I get it that he kind of needed
to move it along for 90 minute or two
hour movie whatever II was I get it it
kind of needed like this little
character to like be dishing out the
inside scoop that Donald Sutherland
character yeah but in real life there
was no guy I didn't know that yeah
god damn it Oliver if you knew would you
tricked again would you like hey
motherfucker what you do why'd you add
that guy because it's weird because like
people talk about that they said hey you
know in the Oliver Stone movie they
detailed all these things that happen
like yeah but they also added a guy like
wasn't a real guy well I guess at the
end of the day it's a fictional oh is it
if it's a real president who was shot by
someone and you're trying to explain who
and your your movie and you have all
these real characters but then you got
this one guy who just kind of shoved in
there mm-hmm
yeah they felt the the professor what
what was what did he call himself in the
movie again remember I'm 19 years yeah
because if I remember correctly it was
him kind of just filling in the gaps and
kind of tying the narrative together I
believe so yeah yeah they used him as a
tool right the right movie - yes
yeah there's no another way to do that
and the makeup a dude
brilliant ass movie though right very
good movie I don't know what do you
think happened the Oliver Stone right
off the bat okay I don't know I mean I
think you have yes if I give you a
hundred bucks you said all right Abbi
come on put bet on red or bet on black
did you think Lee Harvey Oswald acted
alone
or do you think that there was some sort
of conspiracy involving various
nefarious groups I think Oliver Stone's
movie is closer to the truth than
obviously what the official narrative is
I think that if you look at all those
high-profile assassinations in that era
I think a lot of them are highly
questionable I mean it doesn't just stop
at JFK we're talking about RFK I shall
leave that story at all Martin Luther
King you know I mean Oliver sure there's
really really sketchy things about all
of them and if we were conducting the CI
was conducting basically an
assassination program around the world
mm-hmm to expedite u.s. foreign policy
and imperialism why would we not have
been doing that here at home
mm-hm you know I mean we know that Fred
Hampton was killed outright that the
leader of the Black Panther Party so all
of these things are kind of make more
sense when you look back at history and
see how kind of out of control the CIA
was at that time yeah I mean it only
makes sense that they would want to get
rid of certain characters that were
causing trouble right you know I had
Mike Baker on from who used to work he
was a CIA operative and he looked into
the JFK or excuse me the Martin Luther
King assassination and he said that one
more than any other one that he looked
into seemed like something was really
because James Earl Ray was like a loser
or two like the shifty guy and then
before the assassination all of a sudden
he had money all of a sudden he like he
was he it looked like he was being
steered and he went into great detail
about I don't remember all the details
but he was shaking his head about he's
like that one out of anyone that I
looked into had the fingerprints of
manipulation on it well you know about
his family obviously Martin Luther King
his family that had that civil trial and
basically concluded that the US
government had to have been involved for
the circumstances to have happened the
way they did and if you look at how
Martin Luther King at the time was
considered the most day
Juris quote-unquote Negro in the country
that's what the government was saying
about him I mean he was hated he was
loaded he was trying to basically
implement like a poor people's campaign
to occupy DC hmm to give poor people
economic rights that was a that was
really really threatening I think to the
establishment at that time also you know
it's hard for us when we're thinking
back about that era I mean we weren't
really I mean I was I was born in 67 you
were born laughter that it wasn't we
don't understand that era that's a
hundred years after slavery just a
hundred the person's like persons like
that yeah kind of crazy right you know
and things still hadn't been resolved
and then when you look at it now
I mean Juneteenth they had the
congressional hearings they're talking
about reparations and you see just the
the the different polarized sides of how
people look at it even today whether or
not reparations should be given or
whether or not there should be any any
sort of effort to rectify the obvious if
you look at the the economic strife
that's in these southern cities that are
primarily African American that are
really from slavery I mean this is
literally the remnants of slavery and
it's never been fixed it's almost like
any other problem that would be in our
infrastructure any other problem that
would be in you know anything with you
know pollution or anything else that
people clearly did where someone did and
fucked it up there's efforts made to fix
it and discussions about but this is so
much resistance right tenaha see Coates
I think his name is he was testifying
there and he was saying that you know
the argument is we had nothing to do
with this because again it was more than
a person ago why should we have anything
to do with what slavery did and it's
beyond that though as you're mentoring I
mean this was an institutionalized
racism that we still see the effects of
very sharply within the prison community
within I mean all these things and he
said we were still paying out Civil War
soldiers families pensions decades after
that so like why why do that but not
actually try to you
provide some economic justice to the
black community it's a weird
conversation because it's not just a
conversation about whether or not
something wrong was done but it's also a
racial conversation like I've seen some
weird posts like you know Chuck Woolery
the guy who's from the love connection
will write back in two and two
that guy has turned into this like
serious hardcore right-wing pundit and I
think it was him that was tweeting about
reparations for Union soldiers for their
families that died so he was fighting in
the Civil War like it was like how about
these people and then like not saying
how about the fucking people who's like
brought over here from Africa Shayne's
and their great-grandchildren are alive
today in the same communities what was
the basis of our capitalist society I
mean that's why were the richest country
in the world because it was predicated
on in you know the enslavement of
Africans yeah I don't know if you can
fix it by giving people money today but
I do think the money should be spent to
try to fix those communities and I think
that can be engineered and done and I
don't hear anybody talking about it
other than Tulsi Gabbard talks about it
and I think Bernie Sanders in May has
made some indications that something
should be done although I don't know if
anybody has like a real definitive plan
but when you talk to people that have
like Michael Wood who was a Baltimore
police officer there I've told the story
before but it's a crazy story he when he
was a cop in Baltimore they found these
papers that showed that the exact it was
papers from the 1970s the exact same
crimes in the exact same areas and the
exact same problem areas they were
dealing with in the 70s they were
dealing with the 2000s and he was like
what the fuck like Wow imagine that
feeling like here you are your police
officer right you're putting your life
on the line literally and you're out
there dealing with the same problems
that existed in the same exact areas and
no one's ever done anything to fix it
we're just arresting people yeah yeah I
mean Tulsa and Bernie are the only
candidates were
giving a shit about I thought dude that
fucking townhall sunk this is how many
candidates are there now I feel like two
other ones just jumped in the race now
we have like 20 I don't fucking know
their names he's too close to beta it's
too close does look like he would be
called that but his dad actually just
openly said in an interview he's like
yeah I called him bado cuz I wanted him
to get the Mexican vote because I knew
he would eventually run for office what
his real names like Robert Oh Robert oh
Christ that sounds like people I mean
these people are like a hundred shades
of Hillary I mean every single one of
them other than Tulsi and Bernie just
seem like they're just like Hillary
Clinton light well they've also done
this weird thing where they're like no
straight white men like okay like
there's like straight white men we're
not voting for straight white men look
that's just as bad as saying you're
never voting for a woman it's just as
bad as saying you're never voting for a
black person you mean I get it there's
been a lot of straight white man they've
been president I get it right you're
right
but to say no straight like to
disqualify someone based on something
they have no control over whatsoever is
a form of discrimination I know you
don't think it's a form of
discrimination because so many of these
people have already had that job I get
it it seems unfair you're right but you
can't say that because that's a shitty
way of thinking it's it's piss-poor
logic and thinking it's discriminatory
identity politics yes it reigned supreme
and I saw there was like a combatting
supporters from Kamala Harris and Bernie
at some rally or something and they just
kept shouting we need a woman president
it's like that that's like the only
reason why you like Kamala Harris you
know I mean Kamala Harris I've saw this
one speech that she was giving when she
was talking about forcing children to
attend school by holding their parents
accountable where she instituted a
policy where if the kids miss school the
parents could be arrested do you know
about that now
it was soup that is their brain it was
super disturbing and she was talking
about how effective it was and that you
know they had cops show up at the door
of the woman's house who was a single
mom who had these children the kids
weren't going to school like hey no she
was a cop I mean it's a top cop exactly
but that authoritative authoritarian
nonsense like that way of thinking you
know why you do that cuz no one's ever
done that to you right something even
knocked on your fuckin door and said hey
we're gonna lock you up in jail because
your 16 year old boy when you have three
kids right and if you're a single mom
anyone who's a single mom who has a boy
knows and that fucking boy hits puberty
if they run with the wrong crowd good
fucking luck trying to control them good
luck it hard
yeah real hard and if she's got a job or
two jobs maybe cuz she's trying to put
food on the table and keep the fucking
lights on and you're gonna arrest her
cuz her kid doesn't show up at school
holy shit can you imagine looking at all
the problems in our country and being
like you know what we need to arrest
parents if their kids are truant yeah
it's it's insane
I mean make sure I'm 99% sure correct
about they're talking about her like
regret about this policy and you wonder
why she's running for fucking president
you should regret something want to hear
another insane policy going back to
Robert or roar it is the human cost of
c'mon I got more on truancy the
progressive prosecutor wanted to
transform how California responded the
students missing school parents like I'm
her surname Cherie Cherie people's wound
up paying the price so she this lady I
read that I remember reading this one up
going to jail yeah so yeah and there was
a good reason her kid was sick or
something she so beto no let's not call
him Beto anymore his name is Robert
Robert yeah um Robert actually has a
really great idea Joe he wants to tax
non military families to pay for
veteran's health care would pay for
veterans yeah is that nice so punish the
people who don't want to join the
military
what very smart Robert watch the fucking
people who make the weapons wants the
politician tax the defense contractor
find out what the military industrial
complex is really made of find out how
much money
really making and saying hey look at you
guys you made X amount of billions of
dollars and look at all these guys that
you know we have to fund we have to rely
on charities and we have to rely on
things like the Wounded Warrior Project
and all these foundations that are
taking care of these veterans when
you're the ones are profiting and yeah I
mean that that's where the money should
come from mm-hmm yeah I guess more and
since these are fucking insanely rich
organizations the other stocks have like
tripled in the last four years they're
they're doing real well when we had that
situation where Dick Cheney who was the
CEO of Halliburton was giving
Halliburton no-bid contracts to go over
and fix places that we bombed that's
like what yeah that that is like a
doctor breaking people's legs so he can
fix them it's so crazy and then drive
around at Porsche and it's fucking crazy
yeah well Trump was sitting down at some
table with all the head defense
contractors a couple months ago and it
was after the Khashoggi you know
dismemberment in the embassy and he was
openly talking about how we cannot stop
that hundred and ten billion dollar
weapons deal and and you should see just
the Glee on these people's faces I mean
it was just it's just unbelievable how
transparent it is standard Trump that
was a weird conversation world who was
he being interviewed by Oh Steve Steve
Hilton my friend I know Steve Hilton
yeah oh my god forever
we're actually family friends our
families have gone on vacations together
and shit it's a good guy is that the Fox
News in error
no no it's Paris bad Oh No he's British
but he was interviewing Trump and they
were talking about the militant Trump
was openly discussing how these people
want to go to war the military
industrial complex wants to go to war I
mean Trump saying that you know he
didn't want everything to do with this
but that they want to go to war and it's
like I get it Trump is a weird guy cuz
he's such a loose cannon that he says
shit like that that you don't know that
Obama would keep his cards you know
Obama would hide his cards but Trump
hate him or love him he it gives you
glimpses that you're not gonna get as
far as like what kind of influence does
the military and US
complex really have on policy change in
decision-making and whether or not they
take action and he was openly discussing
it he removes the mask you know yeah
it's it's interesting because he I think
that he's talking out of both sides of
his mouth because on one hand he says
that kind of stuff but then on the other
hand I mean he hired all the most rabid
war generals no in his cabinet and also
just John Bolton I mean come on this is
like I'm the Michael neoconservative
who's must have trained for war with
Iran since the day he was born so it's
like if you don't want war with Iran I
mean he campaigned on it so we know that
he hates Iran he campaigned on
abolishing the nuclear deal with Iran
but he picks john bolton to lead all of
these efforts i mean it's like it's like
starting a fire and then getting
applauded and congratulated when you
stopped the fire at the last minute
before it erupts and takes over the
whole planet and that's what would
happen if we actually did bomb iran i
think that people don't understand how
precarious the situation is that trump
and these cronies have laid out not just
is but came so close to being a reality
just a week ago you mean you don't think
we should go to war after for bombing
oil tankers and saudi oil tankers you
don't think we should go to war
overnight shooting down a robot yeah
that's it I would die for Saudi oil
tankers I'd be the first one I put my
body on the line there was a lot of
people that were saying this seems like
the Gulf of Tonkin to like I don't I'm
not buying this at all there were so
many people that were like really kind
of credible people who were openly
saying this stinks like it just seems
staged it's it seems like some some bit
like why would they do that
total false flag shit going on over and
over and over again
they're just trying so hard because they
want to provoke Iran to the point where
Iran will be forced to respond and this
is after suffocating X fixating
sanctions that have that are causing
people's lives I mean what is it what
for the folks on that arm haven't been
paying attention to this what is it that
makes them want to go to war with Iran
so we have to just look at what Iran is
I mean Iran just won its independence
less than a hundred years ago in a you
know an era of and a wave of anti
colonial struggles and we immediately
the mi6 as well as the CIA CIA
instigated a coup so we always talk
about how we
want Iran to have democracy they had
democracy they had a revolution a
People's Revolution that was overthrown
we overthrew Mohammad Mossadegh and
instated a absolute monarchy for decades
and at the time it had the highest human
rights abuses documented in the world it
was pretty unique in that sense and you
know you can only imagine why Iran is
the way it is today and there was such a
suppression of the left and of the
Communist Party in Iran that the Islamic
Revolutionary Revolution happened and
the Ayatollah was the leader of that
political movement and that's why Iran
has the political system it has today
but it's about the oil man it's always
about the oil and it's always about the
foreign domination of the region they
hate that Iran is an independent country
and doesn't bow down to us and
parallelism in the u.s. capitalism and
Iran also is allies with a lot of states
that Israel in the US and Saudi Arabia
do not want it to be allies with you
know Hezbollah Hamas and so that's
that's a big problem for the US and it's
getting in the way of a lot of kind of
goals in the region but it's really
fascinating when you look at what
actually happened because you know the
nuclear deal was amazing it was huge I
mean Trump keeps belaboring the fact
that Iran should not have nuclear
weapons they didn't have nuclear weapons
they never did and they were agreeing to
never have them that was the whole Iran
nuclear deal but Trump just immediately
rescinded that slaped insane sanctions
on Iran and now you know sanctions every
month just continuing to constrict their
economy and even basically sanctions on
threatening sanctions on China and India
and other countries that actually do
deals with Iran now - which is totally
insane so once you do that and then you
say well you know you're hitting
yourself you're hitting yourself why are
you doing this it's like no you're doing
this too then and on top of that john
bolton keeps saying you know there's all
these unique threats coming from iran we
need to surround them with all these
warships and they keep sending thousands
of more troops thousands more troops so
you're getting to a position now and now
the drone right we're flying a drone
into iranian airspace and expecting that
they're not gonna shoot that down why
the fuck are we flying a drone and iran
the fuck would we do if you
fluid drowning here right I mean it's
just unbelievable the chauvinism and
arrogance of the u.s. to be doing all
this shit and then be like okay now you
guys are a belligerent threat we have to
do something it's like no you guys are
the ones encircling them and in closing
all of their you know basically just
encapsulating their entire territory and
threatening them over and over and over
again basically hoping for something to
happen and if you look back at the Gulf
of Tonkin there was a guy who was
actually on the USS Maddox the ship that
was eventually attacked there and got us
into the war with Vietnam and he even
said my dad was on the ship and he said
we didn't had no idea why we were there
and one of the generals or captains on
the ship just said they want us to be
hit they want us to be attacks that they
can get into a war that they want to get
into and that's exactly what's going on
and what's sad is whoever's in the Navy
circling Iran they're gonna be the ones
who fuckin die when Iran does launch
back they're sacrificing themselves for
these generals and defense contractors
profits now there's some reason to
believe that Iran is not being honest
about its nuclear program right I mean
that was one of the reasons why wasn't
that what was the virus that the United
States Stuxnet yeah Stuxnet virus that
they put on the Iranian nuclear program
to kill it while they were in the middle
of doing whatever they do to uranium
right the centrifuges for the enriching
uranium I mean yeah that that was that
was also crazy cyber attacks right right
but the cyber attacks weren't they
effective though in stopping the nuclear
program there was like a secret nuclear
program that they were doing I don't
know what exactly they I don't think
that there ever was a nuclear program
but I know that that was another crazy
thing that the u.s. did was basically in
fact their thing and destroy all of this
technology but I mean basically all we
need to know is that they agreed to not
develop nukes and it was all agreed from
the international community and then
Trump gets in there and just unravels it
all and it's so dangerous because Iran
would make you rock look like child's
play yeah it's not a joke and I mean
it's literally so precarious at this
point that anything can happen and here
upped into a full-blown war and then
when Trump says oh I pulled back the air
strike because I wanted to save 150
lives
no dude you're starting fires all over
the world and then you get applauded and
you want to congratulate yourself
because somehow he's still kind of
appealing to this like
non-interventionist line which is just
fake to me because you don't appoint the
most rabid war hungry people to surround
you and to carry out these policies if
you don't want that to a certain extent
also created this really weird
ideological rift where people were
complaining that he didn't do anything
mm-hmm people were upset that he was
going to take action he didn't they were
receiving about third round
yeah well that he will about the drone
and about the attacking of the oil
tankers and that he was ready to launch
then he didn't and what wasn't one of
the Fox guys it was talking about the
consequences of taking no actions like
Brian Kilmeade or one of those guys
media is insane but he has been
attacking him and the Democrats too and
the media and the Democrats always
attack this administration from the
right whenever there's some sort of
military involvement they always want
him to bomb and go to war it's pretty
shocking I mean I guess not too shocking
when you realize the corporate media is
literally subsidized by like oil
companies and banks and defense
contractors no I know you didn't spray Z
you didn't have to deal with that at RT
but what do you think happens when
someone is a pundit and they're on a
television show and they're talking
about something that has these global
implications do you think they get
talking points do you think they're
allowed to express their own personal
opinions or are they informed that
they're supposed to toe a certain line
like I think there's varying levels I
think that it would be naive to say okay
these people are paid to lie I think
that the masked majority of people
working in corporate media are lackeys
for the Empire they really truly believe
that you know they believe that America
is the greatest country in the world
they believe that were the world's
policemen they actually believe that
these countries are evil and they need
to be taken out to in-state kind of
global hegemony I've truly believed that
they cater to the line of American
exceptionalism and that's pretty sad but
also pretty dangerous because they're
the perfect mouthpieces for u.s. foreign
policy I mean they essentially are
stenographers for whatever the
government is laying out which is really
disturbing because the premise
of journalism is to actually challenge
power and challenge the US government
especially when you are working in
America you're an American citizen and
there's all this destruction going on
from on behalf of your government and
you're not challenging that especially
when it's war claims especially when you
have assholes like John Bolton claiming
you know all these things are happening
in these channels and and bodies of
water and people are just like okay I
mean god damn you should see when
fucking Mike Pompeo was talking about
how Hezbollah was in Venezuela and these
people would just just printed it
they're like well hezbollah is in
venezuela now it's like what are you
talking about you're literally just
printing what the Trump administration
is saying without even questioning these
claims mmm it's disturbing
do you think that the people that are
talking about it on TV are just saying
it because they really don't understand
what they're talking about and this just
seems to be a way to cover the subject
in sort of a way that is acceptable to
the network and acceptable to the party
and acceptable to this sort of idea
whether it's left or right with it
whatever ideology they're they're
participating in yes and that there
there is definitely that as well where
they know kind of the line that they
can't cross so even if you individually
believe you know you think that climate
change is an existential threat you
think that the warned Yemen is a serious
thing that you should address I think
that you definitely get kind of knocked
down in the editorial meeting you know
before and you're just like okay no I
can't do that but what I can do is just
you know talk about whatever that's it's
so weird the advertisers will agree with
in this day and age there's not like a
really respected independent source of
news right that you've got you some the
online stuff which is my do some online
stuff is very good but some online stuff
is so entangled with insults and and and
bullshit and emotions and distorted
perceptions and ego that it's like it
sort of discredits whatever they're
trying to promote whatever whatever
ideas are trying to get across there's
no Walter Cronkite there's no there's no
one person who or no one organization
who you emphatically trust with their
perspective on the news everything is
either left or right everything is like
flavored by an ideology right sorry I
don't place that I go to that I know I
can get clear unbiased emotion free
objective analysis of any international
issue right it doesn't exist I don't
mean unless you can tell me of one do
you what do you get I mean I go to real
news I go to Democracy Now and the only
mine is now super left-wing right
left-wing leaning but you think love
leaning I mean I go to places that are
not this is the problem like with
capitalism and trying to have an
independent media is that you need
funding and you need funding from like
donors and grassroots sources because
once you get funded by these right-wing
billionaires and corporations and states
and governments then it becomes very
ideologically driven and then you're
kind of just catering toward what those
interests want you to present and I
that's why the Empire files does what it
does it's we're basically based on
donations now because Trump sanctions on
Venezuela shut down the show a year ago
so we did a big donation drive and
that's an open atrium patreon we're on
go fund me and just PayPal but we're
just trying to survive on a very minimal
budget because I don't want to take you
know I don't want to like Lobby to
corporations or States or or go that
route because I don't want to I don't
want to answer to anyone other than
myself but then you just come with a
whole host of problems you're not
getting your message out there I mean
that's why it's incredible for you to
have me on but that's why the fake news
mantra resonated so much with the Trump
campaign because people are extremely
disillusioned with the corporate media
you know New York Times Washington Post
these so-called Beltway publications
that pretend to be like the arbitrator's
of a are objective reality they they are
the premier advocates of fake news when
it comes to US foreign policy you know
American exceptionalism and corporations
and like the corporate line they're
always the ones towing the things that
basically
the system and so I think people you
know became really really just attracted
to that whole fake news mantra that
Trump was saying because people have an
extreme distrust in the corporate media
because of the Iraq war because of all
these things that have happened but as
you know and as you've talked about
extensively Joe this wave of censorship
that has happened in the last two years
since Trump got elected because of
Russian propaganda and fake news
hysteria yeah and it just propped up
these same institutions and it's really
just gone after a lot of alternative and
independent media that have gone by the
wayside yeah and you know people who
have been propped up by right-wing
billionaires and billionaires in general
are not going to be affected at the end
of the day but all the people who've
been caught up in this censorship with
the algorithms with the deep platforming
it's really scary it's really really
scary what happened it is scary to me
because the Internet in my eyes is this
unique place where people can get
information and distribute information
and then on top of that you have this
almost parasitic entity that is allowing
you to distribute information and gather
information through it but also
controlling the flow of information and
then controlling the flow in its own
ideological Bend like what sort of match
its own ideas of what should and
shouldn't happen I think they feel
justified by having a guy like Trump in
office having a guy like Trump come into
office then go we have to do something
about that so what we're gonna do is
we're gonna silence conservative voices
we're gonna silence conservative pundits
we're gonna silence what we call people
all right and just change our algorithms
to make it much more difficult for them
to get propagated for them to propagate
their ideas I just find that really
distressing because I think that in the
marketplace of ideas you you're supposed
to be able to combat a bad idea with a
better idea and this is how we this is
how ideas evolved this is how people get
to communicate
you get to look at what someone saying
look at someone how someone's dissecting
what someone's saying and then for
yourself figure out what you believe and
what you don't believe and there should
be a free exchange of information so
that you can figure that out and when
you show when someone's shown to be a
bad actor or a liar or show have
deceptive news fake news whatever you
want to call it though okay now we know
and this is a clear example of that so
now take it with a grain of salt
whenever they say anything about
anything else but when you deep platform
them and shove them aside they say see
they're trying to silence us because
they don't believe us
or they they don't they don't want us to
be in power because they're trying to
prop up whatever left-wing socialist
economy that their dictator that they
want to put into place and it's this
weird sort of situation where you've got
people dictating and almost engineering
our culture right curating our reality
you know what's going on in Toronto well
with alphabet the parent company of
Google no it's a very disturbing thing
to a lot of people where they're
essentially setting up blocks and
they're putting cameras in these places
and they're gathering data and
information and they're trying to
engineer a utopian city yeah I was
reading about it yesterday and I was
like no like this is a terrible idea
like wooden terrifying what if these
people don't want to be filmed what if
these people don't want information
gathered about them like they're doing
it under the guise of here it is
alphabets plan for Toronto depends on
huge amounts of data yeah we need more
data collection data mining their idea
is that they're going to make it easier
for people to get around and smoother
but how facial-recognition I love how
they always say oh people are being sex
trafficked and this will help it's like
no dude this is like point zero zero
zero one percent of all the people that
you're you know data mining says
sidewalk slabs release more detailed
plans for Toronto the site of Google's
sister company's first attempt to bring
its teka fide digital forward
sensibility to a full-scale development
project the sidewalk slab sidewalk labs
projects dates to 2017 when the Canadian
city welcomed the company to an
undeveloped section of its waterfront
after 18 months of speculation work no I
am these motherfuckers especially he
work in backlash from local advocates
the company has a 1500 24 page master
plan for the 12 12 acre lot called
quayside first why he what is quasi
four-volume plan highlights ambitious
and sometimes flashy innovations from
sidewalk labs which has played pledged
to spend 1.3 billion on the project if
it goes forward the company hopes to
construct all the buildings with timber
which it says is better for the
environment it also catches fire and
build an underground pneumatic pneumatic
tube system for garbage removal it wants
residents to lean on public transit
walking and biking rather than personal
vehicles good luck it's fucking zero
degrees in Toronto you assholes and
plans to build streets with autonomous
vehicles perhaps from a sister company
way mo listen
Wayne every robots would you know what
way mo is no no underneath delivery
robots might trundle down it's wide
sidewalks it should strategic use of
large very large umbrella like coverings
might make outdoor spaces comfortable
all year round no small feat in
lakeshore canada sidewalks sidewalk
wants to designate 20% of its of the
apartments to as affordable and another
20% as middle-income so there there
engineering there yeah City yeah right
this is by people who are really just
openly social justice warriors I mean
these are the people that censored that
James d'amour guy and fired him for
having this memo well that really kind
of disgust women intact based on
evolutionary biology based on studies
and they said that he was highlighting
harmful gender stereotypes which it's
not true it's not accurate if you look
at what he actually said when he
actually wrote even at a page and a half
dedicated in that memo trying to come up
with strategic ways to encourage women
to get into technology the study that or
the the paper that James did more rope
has no relation to the way he's been
framed in the way people talk about him
this is a direct result of Google and
grails social justice warrior sort of
ethos like the way they operate as a
company well
Google pretends to be you know don't be
evil this is this seems algorithmic Shay
but they don't be evil it took that why
the fuck would you ever take that
they're like okay we're evil now but
this this just seems like it they like
plugged in some shit and algorithm and
they're like alright this is our city
now like we're they're creating sins
oh I mean Google I agree with David
pac-man is kind of depiction on Google I
think that they're a giant corporation
they have billions offshore and tax
havens and they are not liberal they
appear to be liberal because that's
capitalism you're trying to basically
adapt to where society is at and you
want to pretend like you are socially
conscious but when you look at their
actual policies they're conservative as
fuck I mean they actually fund a lot of
crazy like coke brother Alec they fund a
lot of right-wing organizations the
Federalist Society they've given huge
grants to so I think that they're kind
of playing both sides
deregulation to lobby for kind of the
deregulation of their industry so I
think that all of the perception and the
mantra of Google and YouTube and you
know catering to like the social
consciousness and and you know what
you're talking about I think is honestly
just to make more money so I'm sure
they're gonna make more money in the
process of doing this but the idea that
they're gonna engineer a city to me is
terrifying
that's insane I just don't I don't like
it you know there was a great podcast
that Sam Harris did with the guy who was
explaining what Google is essentially
done and what they've done with data the
data is essentially a commodity that we
didn't know was a commodity and we all
gave up our rights to this commodity and
this commodity turns out is worth
billions and billions of dollars and no
one had any idea and they just took it
and now they have it and they have it
hmm and what are they giving you this
right they let you search things like
what am i giving you for this so let you
use their email like it's it's kind of
crazy they search your email for certain
keywords and all sudden you know you
looking for a patio chair you know like
I'm gonna buy a patio chair and also in
your fucking Google matches are filled
with patio chairs cuz you sent an email
really really creepy or just talk about
something and it just yeah yep
yeah
my guest yesterday my friend Wil Harris
he was talking about trading in his car
and he got a fucking text message a text
message that said hey I hear you're
looking to trade in your car so you know
here here's a here's a link as to what
you could get for it he goes I'm not
clicking that fucking link like a text
message with a link showed up on his
phone because of something he was
talking about he wasn't even talking on
the phone that's crazy
really really scary it's fucking insane
yeah no that's terrifying how that
happens right like if you and I were
talking right now and you said I need a
new laptop and you started getting
laptop ads in your Google feed what is
happening is your phone listening to you
say that yeah yep was that like a no I
mean it combs through everything I mean
that's what's so fucking scary and that
Apple is the best at it in terms of like
not giving up your data it's one of the
reasons why I still use an iPhone and
support Apple Apple goes out of their
way to not share your data when you use
Maps
that's why Apple maps suck it's one of
the reasons why it's not good it was a
fucking great article that was written
about it uh they called Apple Maps the
Bing of of navigation tools it's like
you know Bing that the search engine who
the fuck uses that all right I use a
Windows laptop being the fuck out here
with yeah yeah Google's better right so
you just go automatically use it but
Google is just come on Google's fucking
up no and all the going back to this
whole like tech censorship thing they
preemptively changed the algorithm
that's what's so scary to me is that
there wasn't even a law you know like
China we are we all know that China
censors the Internet we've done the same
thing here but people just think that we
still have you know readeth information
that we can all access all these things
no I mean Google YouTube I mean because
YouTube is owned by Google now but they
preemptively change the algorithms they
back paged all of this progressive media
independent media so it wasn't just
about what they're saying it's about I
mean this this was targeted to basically
all extreme views everything that they
felt like was too radical I mean going
back to the DNI report which is where
this all started from this kind of
conclusive report that they said these
17 intelligence agencies
you know here's here's all the evidence
of how Russia colluded and cost the
election for Hillary
they cited my show on breaking on
breaking the set do you did it yeah they
said I was part of the conspiracy of
Russian meddling did you Russian man I'm
sorry take that as a snippet but in in
the in the report it said she fomented
radical discontent and when you look at
what all this is sowing discord all of
these you know the black box algorithm
from Hamilton 68 dashboard like this US
government funded Twitter crawler that
just like determines what's Russian
propaganda what's fake news and then you
have you know Facebook working with the
Atlantic Council which is an
organization stacked with literal spooks
cops CIA heads and defense contractors
UAE US government that's who's like
curating our reality now and it's all
about expunging the most radical views
on the Internet to prop up essentially
the system in the establishment and and
that's why I know it's not a liberal or
conservative thing it's literally just
extremist thought and radical thought
that challenges the the status quo
because sowing discord just means
disagreement that's what they said this
was about these websites so discord Joan
I mean that's I thought that was a
fundamental thing about American
democracy is that you talk about what we
disagree on and when you look at what
the report says of what breaking the set
covered DMT I mean if that wasn't in the
report you were on there talking about
DMT but I talked about aliens but
because I talked about things like
inequality and an Occupy Wall Street in
Hillary Clinton that was all part of
this grand conspiracy to sow discord on
behalf of the Russian government so it
becomes very comical once you you know
kind of poke at the underlying narrative
driving this way but are you aware of
renamed to rest his work did you ever
pay attention no she was on my podcast
and she detailed what the IRA did the
internet research right in Russia and it
was really fascinating they had set up
like a fake black lives matter account
and and then they would talk about how
as black Americans we can't vote for
Hillary Clinton because of this and they
started they develop these communities
these write really large online pages
whether it was on Facebook or Instagram
or whatever it was where they spoke as
like a southern separatist or as a
Muslim yummy that dozens of them and
they developed these communities and
they would set up these organizations
and then they would have events where
they had one where they had a Texas
secession event directly across the
street from a Muslim pride event and
they did it on purpose
so that they would fight they put him
across the street from each other they
organized these Facebook pages in these
events and these people show up these
people that are Texas is said we should
leave the Union you know we can Texas is
a republic and then they have these
other people on line they want like
Muslim rights and they want the Sharia
law and they put them right next to each
other yeah they're there they're
literally engineering argument and their
engineering fighting and the idea was
that someone wanted this to this idea of
promoting discord right they wanted
arguments they wanted to fuck with our
democracy and then they could shift it
just a little bit by doing this by
having these arguments by pretending
that they're there for lbgtq rights but
they're really not but they're really
just some Russians are just you know
talking shit and that this is what we
need to do we need to radicalize they
had an T for groups and all right I mean
Israel and Saudi Arabia do the same
thing except right now it's fascinating
that we just focusing on Russia when my
god this is happening on every front I
mean look at going back to Pete Buddha
jej you say his name but he has like
hundreds of sock puppet accounts that
are all like propping each other up on
there oh my god I just saw it's like
blacks for Pete Buddha judge gays for
Buddha it's like all these he's his I
mean I guess he thought that that was I
don't know injected with corporate money
that he's just like all right make a
hundred sock puppet accounts it's like
everyone does this shit but when we
focus in on just Russia and then of
course you have the removal of you know
Syrian accounts you have the removal of
Pro Maduro accounts on Twitter why is it
only that we're talking about our
so-called enemies that these are the
people who are sowing discord in
fomenting radical discontent what about
all the other countries that you know we
do it all over the world what about all
the other countries that are doing the
same thing so if he really does have
these sockpuppet accounts that are doing
this that are pretending that these are
just fans you know that's that's some
sleazy shit yeah it's these guys that I
mean that's as sleazy as it gets in my
opinion that's a dirty shit you're
pretending you're a person who's just an
independent person who's supporting you
and really just is an employee who's
their first stop again right since and
especially like the identity politics
thing like all of the different groups
you know marginalized groups support you
yeah it's all fake well the crazy no sir
you saw that Town Hall
after the shooting economist guy and
there everyone saying how the fuck are
you gonna run for president can't even
run it City right yeah does he have a
job this I'm confused you don't like
have jobs right you're running for
president giant who's who's running the
city what's going on yeah imagine right
if I just said hey during this I can do
this podcast anymore I'm gonna go get a
Brian Cowen he's gonna be media now on
experiencing I think what people like
Bill DeBlasio it's like you have a
fucking City to run yeah why are you
running for president how can you the
fucking Metro is falling apart there's
time do you spend actually being married
as shit yeah money back dude they just
want the book deals they want to go on
the view they want have a reason to be
relevant for you it's disgusting it's
pretty gross it should be illegal Meghan
McCain it really should be if you can
really shit you should quit your fucking
job whatever you have and dedicate 100%
of your time to doing that yeah if you
think that you could have that but first
of all everyone knows what a grueling
thing it is to run for president it is a
fucking time consuming right massive
commitment to your energy yeah how can
you do that and also be the mayor of
South Bend yeah yeah
you just have to be on the phone begging
for donations when you're not you know
jumping on tables like Robert O'Rourke
is all over the country it's a lot of
work
yeah there's no way you run in that City
right and I'm fucking crazy of these
people's egos I mean they say that Trump
is this existential threat that he's the
next Hitler he's mentally incapacitated
yet they all jump in the race because
they think they're the smartest people
in the world so it's like Blasio it's
like really yeah they're pulling so low
drop out dude this is all to try to
prevent Bernie from winning does it
really is who makes sense to use Bernie
makes sense Bernie is my guy Bernie's my
guy through and through and I'll tell
you why because a we need Medicare for
all we need to abolish student debt and
that shit you just tax Wall Street
gambling done Medicare for all cut the
military budget done I don't want to
live in a country where people are
rationing insulin I don't want to live
in a country where half of the GoFundMe
campaigns are because people are gonna
die if they don't get donations for
health care what is wrong with this
country
but back to Bernie I mean you look at
the last 30 years of political advocacy
this is a guy who's been saying the same
thing for 30 straight years no matter if
it's veterans rights about Gulf War
Syndrome about just a political
revolution as needed I mean he's been
talking about that since he won the
Senate seat initially and you can't
really say the same thing about any
other candidate and I do like what tulsi
gabbard is saying and I do like some of
the things Elizabeth Warren's saying but
it seems like she's just making it up on
the fly and adopting kind of Bernie
light policies and I think this is all a
strategy to siphon all the delegates
away from Bernie because we already know
this Third Way corporate Wall Street
funded organization that's like
corporate Democrats have said they want
anyone but Bernie Bernie is the biggest
threat to the establishment by far did
you see when Charlemagne called
Elizabeth Warren the original Rachel
Dolezal oh my god she's not she does
have a chance no she doesn't have a
chance with the Trump's shit no also
says Pocahontas over and over again it
was hilarious to me as I say Pocahontas
is racist
um it's a fucking Disney movie how could
Pocahontas be racist I wasn't really
shot she really really screwed up that's
a big fuck up
religious guan up getting the DNA test I
am 200 times more African than she is
Native American
I'm 1.6 it's like she's just so upset
that Trump yeah I mean I so nuts that
she went and got jobs saying she was
Native American I mean yeah it's one
thing to say I have Native American
blood it's another thing and I don't
know how much you know ancestry Native
American ancestry she has but I do know
that she was you know that was on like
her Harvard yeah
bio and all this stuff and it's just
like what is going on
well John James talked about it he
thought he was a lot of people thought
he was my wife thought she was my wife
thought she was more Native American so
she got her DNA done so uh-huh
fucking bunch of fucking liars you know
what it warns more Native American down
wife that was the thing I think my
wife's still more Native American she's
a little bit but that was the thing
where people were like they wanted to be
spiritual they would say they were part
Native American
they wanted to be extra cool well I have
Native American blood oh I smell when
wolves are coming you know like you put
your ear to the ground you know what I
trained more connect nature it's like
some weird thing I remember in high
school like when kids wanted to be cool
they would say they were part Native
American like wow
well the Native American community came
out after she got the DNA test and they
said this is not this does not make you
native Native is much more than like
whatever percentage of your blood I mean
Native is a you know it's a way of life
right it's a culture today and it was
really kind of gross that whole thing
was just bizarre what was grossest even
after the testing she was trying to use
that as proof that she was correct and
then people who analyze the data like
are you fucking great you know small
this percentages this is an insanely
small percentage but she was saying that
Trump need to give her a million dollars
yeah because of the fact that she did
take the test like it was insulting to
the Native community it was embarrassing
all around
and it was also just weird that she even
did it at the behest of Trump like why
did you do that I gotcha he got you but
he had she had to do it because he kept
saying it over and over no right I feel
like she's a politician you know I say
that in the most unflattering of terms I
feel like she's one of those people that
just says what needs to be said in order
to give exactly that's exactly where I
don't get that impression from Tulsi at
all I don't I don't feel like that's who
she is I feel like she's a veteran who
did two tours in the Middle East and
who's a congresswoman from Hawaii who
really wants to do good I mean I really
do think that what she said she doesn't
take any corporate money none hmm she
wants this she wants this job because
she thinks she can do a better job than
what has been done before and the other
people that are running for it I really
believe hmm she's she makes sense to me
what do you think about Bernie I like a
lot of things Bernie says mm-hmm
you know what I think is interesting now
that people are mad at him he's rich
right let he made a lot of money off his
book you go write your own book I mean
and there's a lot of you know criticisms
of people lobby against him what I like
about him socially is that what he is
standing for is the downtrodden he's
standing for the people that are dead
don't catch a good break when he starts
talking about things like income
inequality I say I'm like okay I
understand what you're doing and why
you're saying it but what is the cause
of income inequality like what that's
what we need to find out we need to find
out what's the cause like why why are
these poor communities the way they are
and what that needs to be helped that
needs to be fixed there's so much that
can be done that's not being done and
right at least he seems to be he seems
to be calling out to the people that are
there ignored that you know my aren't
aren't being served by Wall Street right
I mean a big problem is when automation
happened wages stopped going up with
inflation and then credit subsidized all
of the wages and that's why people are
just indebted credit cooker companies
were you know up to our ears in debt and
that and he does talk about that
and he talks about the solutions to that
but you're totally right I mean what
other candidate of these twenty five
people are discussing things that are
gonna reach like a populist you know
have a populist message that are
reaching Andrew yang is like what Andrew
yang saying and I he again like Tulsi
does not seem like a politician
I believe him he's an entrepreneur and a
business man and he's warning everyone
he's he's like the fucking Paul Revere
of automation he's like you know look
artificial intelligence is coming and
you're gonna be out of jobs right the
fucking half the country is gonna be out
of jobs and we can actually figure out a
way to get through this and there's a
bridge that we can make and through this
Universal income universal basic income
you can develop a bridge where you can
give people their basic needs food water
shelter give them food like make sure
that no one's starving that we even
though people are out of jobs make sure
that their needs are met so then they
can go and find a way through this mess
and then figure out a way to contribute
and make an income and make a little
make a living and adjust but to have
nothing to have nothing like what what
is that like right you can't just have
people out of work because of automation
and people go back to the Industrial Age
well hey that happened during this and
that and yeah okay did it didn't but it
didn't work out well for all those
fucking people that lost those jobs back
then and we shouldn't have to go through
that massive chaotic situation again if
there's a way to engineer a better way
through it I don't know if universal
basic income works you know I've talked
to a lot of people that think like
navara he was on my podcast recently
mm-hmm and his perspective is it doesn't
give people meaning and it's not a good
idea because you need a life if you want
people to be happy they want to be able
to do something they need to have
meaning in their time and what they do
just to give people money it's not gonna
make people happy I think it's a
band-aid yeah I think it's a band-aid I
agree with the concept that yang
proposes about ubi but yeah I think that
if we give people like healthcare and
and have their basic needs met then that
it's going to give them the ability in
them like to maneuver to find their
passion and yes be able to have that
space where they can fulfill their lives
yes and I I think there's a way to do
both there's a way to find meaning and
have your knee
kept I mean the idea is that you know
it's I don't think that people should
get free money to the point where they
could live a full rich life and go on
vacations and and have a nice car and a
nice house and never have to work again
it doesn't make any sense you should you
should contribute right everyone should
contribute but if you're in a job that's
gonna be completely annihilated by
automation and artificial intelligence
it makes sense that as a community as a
culture we should figure out a way to
give people money so that they have a
place to live and food and then try to
come up with and sort of engineer some
sort of a program to help people find
new ways of income new ways of making a
living I don't know what that would be
you know and when I talked to Tulsi
about that she didn't know what that
would be either no this idea of trying
to promote new jobs people say that
we're gonna we're gonna create new jobs
okay I hate that expression like what
does that mean if there's not a job how
you gonna create a look at our
infrastructure I mean god damned I mean
good god we've been giving an an F like
every year by the Army Corps of
Engineers saying shits fallen apart dude
I mean look at the New Deal look at how
what FDR did and that's what Bernie
keeps saying he's like I am literally in
stating an economic Bill of Rights that
FDR did a hundred years ago
why am I considered radit of radical
extremists when I'm just trying to give
people basic economic rights and trying
to propose jobs to rebuild this country
you know what happened to that promise
that Trump levied during the campaign we
want it you know he talked about our
infrastructure crumbling what the hell
has been done on that front nothing and
also the that was that the big one is
the economy like the the debt rather
like how much we're in debt we're in
debt more oh my god yeah crippling 1.6
trillion for student debt alone that's
insane what do you think about the
people that are calling out to try to
eliminate student debt I am a hundred
percent on board because it's possible
absolutely and you just tax Wall Street
gambling literally that can do it alone
you do not have household we mean by
wall street jamming and Bernie laid it
all out he'd just read this morning on
the way here so I don't know the full
proposal but Wall Street just makes you
know billions of dollars I don't know
how often but just like betting on these
trading and shit like Wall Street just
make
so much money and if we just taxed Wall
Street or you know like you're talking
about taxing these defense contractors
or actually trying to change the laws to
not have these corporations hide
billions of dollars offshore in tax
havens it solves all of these problems
pretty quickly and manat a matter of how
can we do it it's a matter that we have
to do it because students are totally
crippled there's no opportunities in
this country any qualities the highest
that it's been since the Great
Depression and that's a huge problem
we're not going to be able to get people
opportunities at all or a better life
it's also so crazy that you do that to
people that are 17 years old right they
don't have any idea what it's gonna be
like to be 35 and be quarter-million
dollars your parents have student debt
yeah they did yeah my stuff my
stepfather was in it was in debt when he
when he graduated from school it just
seems like it's getting so exponential
but not less yeah I mean he handled it
mm-hmm but it's what you have today if
you don't have any if you don't have any
grants and you just try to go to school
based on you know on loans
Greg Fitzsimmons was here what was he
saying his kids were it was 60 plus
thousand dollars a year for each one of
those kids 2000 I think a year yeah and
then there's each one of his kids
there's no jobs once you go and you know
right out of school right I mean
especially if you have anything
technologically related the idea that at
the end of four years the technology is
gonna be relevant it's it's great right
exactly and then here's the crazy thing
like we all know that kids and human
beings their frontal cortex doesn't even
fully developed by the time they're 25
until they're 25 Wow I saw way too much
I always smoke weed like maybe six times
before I was 30 I get super late yeah
yeah when I was 30 I became a STONER
I was not a pothead oh I thought it was
for losers I thought yeah because and a
lot of people that don't smoke pot think
that they think it just makes you lazy
and stupid but being lazy and stupid it
turns out makes you lazy and stupid
right yeah I tell everybody just don't
do it when you're a kid or if you do do
it
it often right I mean if you I don't
think is you know like if you're fucking
18 years old you smoke weed once in a
while yeah and zone thing you're gonna
get fucked up but but like everyday
stoners it's terrible for you it's just
you're you're in a fog you need to be
able to deal with reality but what in it
like I always say it's a tool use it use
it correctly right don't you know don't
try to do everything with a fucking
hammer
sometimes you need a screwdriver
sometimes you need a saw John just
batter your fucking life with weed right
but occasionally you smoke a weed a
smoke a joint rather and you know you
have a meal with a friend you feel like
more close to them the communications
phone you're warm and friendly it's like
it's a great
I don't want call the drug cuz I don't
like that expression this bright blanket
that we roll over and feta means and
sedatives and all these different things
and you throw marijuana in there it's
it's a sacrament and I think it should
be used in the most general and lightest
use of that term as a sacrament I like
to use it I like to use it for certain
things but it's definitely not something
you should use all the time it's
definitely not something you should use
as a kid you know and I see a lot of
kids that are smoking every day yeah I
mean it's used as a crutch more and more
because I think you're just running numb
out what's sure and on but pat better
that than pills right you know better
that than oh my god dude I just read
something about how death by suicides is
going up in the US and it's going down
in almost every other country in the
world it's like what is a really fucked
up problem everything man I mean it's
the same reason why so many people are
it's the same reason why people are
dying on you know odine on prescription
pills it's like America is uniquely
fucked and so many reasons and I think
it's it can be the lack of health care
it's it's that we're you know the center
of global capitalism I mean there's a
lot of reasons why the empty
materialistic yeah yeah it's an empty
pursuit right and when you get there it
doesn't doesn't feel good you just like
you just keep trying to chase in more
and gather more thing yes just like that
study that shows like there's a cap on
happiness it's like what it doesn't
make you happier when you have more
money a certain point right yeah I
hunted percent and I'm in agreement with
that doing something you love is what
makes you happy having good friends and
having family and people that you love
that makes you happy doing things that
you find rewarding you know and helping
people that's the weird one like helping
people makes people happy and that's
it's so correct like people are gonna
look out for yourself take care isn't it
right turns out no yeah no no for other
people it's like super rewarding like
it's a selfish thing to be generous and
kind selfish in light ways because it
really helps yourself well that's the
whole mantra of
growing up in America is you need to
help yourself and you're a loser if you
don't get rich and all this shit it's
all these impossible
you know goals that we can't do without
actually help from each other you know
the biggest losers rich people who are
sad right god damn right you're rich and
you're still depressed you're super
successful and yet you're still
depressed like wow you you built a
shitty house like your foundation sucks
you know I mean cause like your
foundation yeah who you are as a person
like the way you treat people the way
you view the world the way you love your
friends and your family like that's your
foundation and if you become successful
and you have that foundation I feel like
you can still be happy but if you become
successful and you just shit that
foundation away because you just wanted
to make it I'm just gonna make it fuck
all that stuff I don't need that I don't
need love I don't need any of that and
then you make it and you're just sitting
there alone yes this I got to fuckin
tomb that's why I think that's why a lot
of people like Trump because they think
of him like I've actually heard this
term like a blue-collar billionaire and
it's like what he was given a million if
everyone's given a million dollars from
their Pappy there's a couple million
yeah a couple few couple million from
their daddy yeah you'd probably have it
a lot better off small loan of a couple
months
lievable dared to him that is a small
loan now that's what's really bizarre
yeah he's someone I think Matt Taibbi
described him best he's like what a
stupid poor person thinks of as a rich
person oh my god yeah and his idea is
just to throw money at everything like
the Palestine is real thing did you see
Jared Kushner's hold layout of like this
is the new peace plan no oh my god it's
literally just let's give them jobs
meaning let's have corporations like
basically profit off the occupation
what's interesting to me is that even
right-wing Trump supporters in
particular says that right-wing Trump
supporters do not seem to like them do
not seem to like Jared Kushner or Ivanka
they don't like the fact that his
daughter is working in the White House
and that the son-in-law is there running
things like they're very disturbed by
that they don't like that yeah nepotism
I mean well what's weird is they just
blow with the fucking wind man I saw
Fahrenheit 11 nine totally recommend it
to everyone what is listening Michael
Moore's newest documentary oh my god
it's amazing but the first 20 minutes
just shows like how Hilary lost and it
shows that Jared Kushner actually
lobbied to have sicko in theatres all
across the I mean he was for socialized
medicine and he was like working hand in
glove with Michael Moore to roll this
out it just shows you how fickle they
are and like how they just have no
actual value yeah I just try to make
money this is a great idea you know his
voice is really high yeah it's super
weird I will see the two of them
together it makes it's very tough so you
can't believe they have sex I think they
do no I think you jerks off in a cup a
stir and she squirts it in there and she
kicks him shows just how bizarre and
inappropriate Trump is with Ivanka but
there's this one talk show where the
host is just like Ivanka she's like what
what do you have most in common with
your dad and she's like real estate and
golf and she's like Trump what do you
have most in common the bunkin he's like
well I would say sex whoa yeah that's
like what father says that well like
what do you have most in common with
your baby sex
comment your income that's it just in
common just in common wise that's super
just Freudian like I want to fuck her
but I can't because she's my daughter
he just says so many crazy things I just
I think that guy is just always talking
you know and that when you're always
talking to ever get a chance to really
contemplate what you're saying he's just
talking and then once you talk like so
many times during the campaign trail it
just seems like you would say things and
then you would just have to like justify
what he said you know I've done that
when I was younger I would say something
stupid and then I would have to try to
figure out and make that stupid thing
make sense right
Trump's just constantly goes 20 you have
in common with your father
either real estate or golf
Donald with your daughter well I was
going to say sex but I can't relate that
[Applause]
that's the crazy thing is he thought
about it and decided he wasn't gonna say
yeah I was going to say he's on Wendy
Williams and he wanted people to scream
yeah just a good opportunity to say sex
there's a whole montage of creepy shit
that he said like he would date her you
know he when she was a baby he was like
she's gonna grow up and hopefully have
big tits or whatever like he said really
hates Tiffany because she's not
attractive oh that's the the one yeah
with Marla maples is that the other
daughter a good good point I don't
actually know who Tiffany's I mean I
think he had her with Marlo who's very
attractive so it's weird that that is
weird
yeah something happened some sort of a
across inbred lighting but he just
pretends like she doesn't exist it's
kind of sad
well I'm gonna do he's look I don't know
how the fuck you can pay attention to
anything I don't understand how a
president is still a job I mean it was a
job when Lincoln was running things you
know and probably extremely chaotic but
with today's economy when you're dealing
with all these different threats the
environment cyber threats the the
economy all the shit they have to deal
with the idea that one person is
supposed to be the general manager of
the country it's absurd absurd it's
completely absurd and the pardoning
power usually that's supposed to be like
sympathy pardons for people like Chelsea
Manning you know not for war criminals
who have killed a bunch of civilians
yeah that's basically saying has he done
that yet is he is he's he's talking
about it as the seal yeah this is like
more than just the seal I mean he's
contemplating actually pardoning the
Nasser Square massacre Blackwater
employees it's like what the fuck is
going on here but that's to me that's
like sending a message to soldiers like
act like Isis and you'll be fine all
pardon you hmm
meanwhile look at what he's doing at
Julian Assange yeah this is like going
beyond the John's thing is weird cuz I
thought that he would be a guy that
would want Julian Assange out talking
out of both sides of his mouth he said
how many times during the campaign trail
WikiLeaks I love WikiLeaks yeah but then
you look back before the campaign he
said Julian Assange to get the death
penalty on Fox and Friends back in the
day but again I think he probably
thought about that a microsecond before
he said it and then have justify it
right I mean he's just like he's just
talking crazy probably 80 cups of coffee
for Red Bulls to diet pills he just went
out there and so scary though I mean
Assange that it's beyond the pale
because now you're not just prosecuting
whistleblowers with the Espionage Act
you're actually prosecuting publishers
that's like a whole level of direct
assault on the first on journalism Pratt
yeah he's a journalist yeah in that
regard
right what he's doing is he's
distributing information the people that
is literally gonna change the way people
view the way the government and the
military my god works it's I mean it's
incomprehensible how much the world has
changed and what we are aware of because
of WikiLeaks revolutions in the past 10
years I mean even just the film that I
just made Gaza fights for freedom
I wake leaks cable about how Israel
wanted Hamas to win in Gaza and they
said that
they were strategizing for that to
happen so then they can regard Gaza as a
hostile territory and then just
relentlessly bomb them that was because
of WikiLeaks no I found that out because
of them I mean I can't believe what is
going on because people I didn't I don't
think that that people really knew that
Trump would take these powers and become
so authoritarian with them well what's
disturbing to me is what WikiLeaks used
to be something that people on the Left
would cite as evidence that the military
was out of control or there's a military
industrial complex down control then
because they feel like somehow or
another WikiLeaks was involved in
helping Trump they became a Russian
mouthpiece and and a traitor I mean like
the left over the last few years in
particular since the since 2016
WikiLeaks has been sort of read sort of
redefined they're conflating Julian
Assange as personal politics and I don't
know what those are I know that he had
those private dams with the Trump jr.
which looked bad but what did he say to
try a few he was talking to him about
you know we need your tax returns then
people don't think of us as like a
biased organization and it would look
good and kind of like you know a little
too buddy-buddy with Trump jr. but that
does not take away from the importance
and you know validity of what WikiLeaks
is as an organization it's Oscars area
Kaushal to another person giving their
opinion which makes sense people just
really don't like join Assange as a
person and it doesn't matter how much
you hate Julian Assange this is
completely beyond the pale what's going
on to him and it's it's he needs to be
defended his rights need to be defended
and very few people are defending him
right so you Orange what's crazy is
these charges that just got unveiled
with the Trump administration they're
trying to extradite him to the u.s. of
course and he'll just be sitting in a
cell for the rest of his life if he
doesn't face the death penalty but the
charges have nothing to do with the 2016
election at all whatever they all have
to do with the the massacre the
collateral collateral murder video
that's what it has to do with it has to
do with the same thing that Chelsea
Manning was in jail for releasing to him
and so they've just trumped up all these
charges based on
publishing war crimes and that's really
what this is its publishing war crimes
and embarrassing the US Empire and what
is the what are they saying what are
they calling it like what is the the
actual they're saying that he helped
Chelsea Manning hack into I forget it's
like some sort of charge that it's
basically concocted they're saying that
he helped Chelsea Manning basically
released the information to him and
that's how he's part of the conspiracy
it's total bullshit completely concocted
he he's a political prisoner and he
needs to be freed and it's absolutely
astounding that the Trump administration
is doing this and that people are going
along with it I see people applauding
this it's sick it's weird it's weird
it's weird the shift in how people used
to defend him and now no longer do and
nothing really has changed in terms of
what he's actually done it was a
traumatic election and people's reptile
brains got activated hardcore yes and
they think everything is Russia and they
think Julian Assange is Russia and they
think anyone who's talking about what US
foreign policy is towing the Russian
line towing the Kremlin line it's not
about the people who control this
government it's the dark evil forces
behind your friends and family and the
people who are talking about you know
sowing discord and gin and that's it's a
disturbing time because it's hard to
relate and actually have these
discussions with people yeah I think you
nailed it when you said the 2016
elections have sort of or they've
awakened this reptile brain because
that's what it seems like you're seeing
he's seeing so many people to think that
there's a war going on like a war in
this country right instead of discussing
things they don't want any discussion
they want to shut things down and that's
part of I think some of the motivation
behind this justification for deep
platforming people and wiping them out
like remove them get them out you know
we're at war right now we have to fix
this we have to get a woman president we
have to write a man you know it's like
this kind of shit that you see like they
feel like they're in an ideological war
that's why identity politics is so
fascinating because it's just been
adopted by the establishment by the
liberal wing of the establishment to try
to like trick people that were somehow a
progressive society that it's all just
like corporatism with you know under the
flag in the banner of like social
politics and identity politics and it's
completely absurd I mean with
Obama we thought that we were in a
post-racial society because we had a
black president right and we know that
that's absolutely a falsehood so I just
think that we're just going down the
wrong path here and neoliberalism has
really done a number on this country in
the world and we're gonna see kind of
more authoritarian fascist policies take
root because people are really down and
out with with how capitalism has morphed
and has strangled basically the economy
it's really disturbing because you know
you're looking at like left identity
politics but it's under the banner of
capitalism so really it's just about
privatization neoliberalism is just
about privatization so it's not about
like leftist you know socialist politics
and even you look at someone like Bernie
Sanders he's not a socialist he's a
Democratic Socialist which means that he
just wants social democracy he's not
talking about abolishing private
industry he's not talking about
nationalizing anything he's just talking
about having workers have a seat at the
table and getting the fair share so
we're just kind of we've gone off the
wayside of like rhetoric and we just
have no idea how to talk about these
things in like a fair way because things
are so heated and ideological and people
are just blinded I think and and don't
really understand these issues well
enough and it's really disturbing
because we're at a point in our country
where we need to have conversations we
don't just want sound bites but going
back to the the censorship stuff and the
consolidation of corporate media people
don't have the platform they don't have
the voice to get these ideas out there
which is why your show is so important I
mean having people like me like Tulsi I
mean bringing out these concepts and and
shifting the consciousness is very very
important well I think that when people
are hearing the same thing over and over
and over again from one side and then an
opposite view over and over again from
another side it's it's very difficult to
have an understanding of what the fuck
is going on it's it's very confusing to
most people and I think they tend to
either just give up or they tend to just
find whatever side
seems to get them the most social credit
or the most most reasonable perspective
in their terms like whether it's
left-wing or right-wing and then just
support that just doesn't give in to
that and then just have this pattern
that they adopt this this conglomeration
of opinions they adopt and then they're
so busy with their jobs they're so busy
with their family they're so busy with
life and then all this other shit
when you're seeing you know deregulation
all this other shit you're seeing when
the stuff that caused the banking crisis
the stuff all this stuff is going on and
it's going on without their knowledge
it's all happening underneath the
surface and then something erupts like
the economic collapse of 2007-2008 and
they're like what the fuck is happening
how this happened I didn't see this
coming and now the economy crashes and
then we have to buy out all these
fucking banks and then then it rebuilds
back up and people are still doing the
same goddamn thing they're still working
and trying to get ahead and trying it
and then all this is happening behind
the scenes and it's so incredibly
difficult to pay attention to all of it
really develop a nuanced perspective of
what the problems are how to fix them
and then who is actually going to
support a real tangible solution versus
who's just saying some elizabeth warren
type shit to get elected well that's why
we need a real mobilization in the
streets because there's no person who's
gonna change this there's no top down
you know implementation that's really
gonna revolutionize society and get
people living wage and get people health
care even Bernie said I'm not gonna be
able to do this I need you to come out
to get my back right um but yeah I mean
there's nowhere in the country that you
can live if you're living on minimum
wage and actually afford a two-bedroom
apartment I mean that's the reality here
but when we bailed out the banks in 2008
no one had a threaded about how we're
gonna pay for that I mean it was just it
was just kind of understood okay we're
gonna pay and give the bank's the
bailout what about fucking us don't we
deserve a bailout what about the people
yeah thanks too big to fail the banks
failed and the people fail a bull man
and all this shit that were spent I mean
the Venezuela's shit all these sanctions
it is the Venezuela coup I mean were you
following that that was insane well I
was following it as much as you were
sort of putting on as much you were
putting a very alternative view as
opposed to like what we're saying in
either left or right wing combinations
you were and then you faced a lot of
resistance because of that right right
but you were there yes yes I was there
and that's why I knew with my own I mean
I saw with my own eye is the reality on
the ground and what do you think is
happening over there so what is
happening over there I mean if you poll
Venezuelans themselves they will say
that their quality of life has lessened
because of US sanctions
so back in 2015 Obama declared Venezuela
a national security threat very random
there was no threat obviously posed to
the US but it was just to kind of start
the sanctions on them but was drawn
ocation who knows who knows pressure I
mean it there's always been pressure
because of course the US has always
hated Maduro and hated Hugo Chavez and
the u.s. Empire doesn't forget and it
doesn't forgive and you know going back
to 2002 Bush tried to engineer a coup
against hukou shabbos that didn't work
and so what we've done with these civil
society organizations is try to foment
radical discontent on the ground in
Venezuela to try to you know get some
sort of uprising the guy Juan Y doe was
just some guy plucked from obscurity who
was just well-known in Georgetown in
Washington DC much more well-known there
than he wasn't even in Venezuela so you
know this was completely engineered it
was totally concocted no Venezuelans
really knew who he was I think like 80%
of Venezuelans had no idea who Juan Y
doe was but you know the economy went
into a spiral because oil prices dropped
and they would have been able to pick
back up their economy but unfortunately
the sanctions were so debilitating that
it went into complete freefall
Venezuela's not a socialist country
that's actually the vast majority is
private industry and a lot of those
private CEOs are very anti-government
long story short is that the coup was
initiated you know during the Trump
administration after he slapped like 70
sanctions on Venezuela
and we're talking about medicine food
all the things that they're saying that
they need right that they're trying to
stage these fake aid caravan deliveries
that was all bullshit what they're doing
is actually preventing the delivery from
food and medicine from getting to
Venezuelans and this coup was a failure
because the resilience of the Venezuelan
people they believe that they have a
democracy they do have a democracy it's
actually more free than our democracy
there's not a dictatorship there
Maduro won a presidential election last
year he won a presidential election the
u.s. lobbied the opposition candidates
to not run against him so then they can
say it was illegitimate that it was a
dictatorship and so he won he won the
popular vote and they tried to implement
all these things and they've been
blocked and you know the opposition
keeps crying to the US that they need
help that they need to be invaded it's
pretty disturbing when you have
opposition candidates saying slap
sanctions on us invade our country help
us Trump help us I mean it's absolutely
ridiculous but when I was on the ground
I saw flourishing democracy I saw dozens
of people hundreds of people who said
that they loved the process there that
they believed in the Bolivarian movement
and that their Chavez mo til death and
we don't understand because those
people's voices are totally censored
from corporate media the only
Venezuelans that we hear from in
corporate media are rich opposition
either you know expats or people who
just have fled and what do we hear from
corporate media what is what is the
corporate take so this is even Elizabeth
Warren even Bernie Sanders has been
terrible on this I mean it's it's really
bad I mean their take on a corporate
media if you're looking at like Fox News
they'll say we need to overthrow Maduro
and and you know everyone's starving and
it's a failed state they never mentioned
the sanctions they never mentioned the
fact that US sanctions just from 2017
alone has killed 40,000 Venezuelans this
was just a study out by steeper 40,000
Venezuelans have died from Trump's
sanctions from insulin shipments not
getting there primarily a lot of other
things
medicine wise that people have not been
getting and they are dying so that is
absurd you know we like to think of
sanctions as kind of like this soft
power that just
targets elites of the country no it's an
act of war and that's exactly what's
happening to Iran and Trump's
implemented sanctions all over the world
in a really devastating way but but the
corporate media will say we need to
overthrow them they're a failed state
they're you know they're a dictatorship
and reality no they're not they're
democracy and they we don't like their
politics that's really what it is we
don't like the fact that their politics
their politics are that they
nationalized the oil and that's really
where it comes from this fake ambassador
that was trying to get into the embassy
here Carlos Vecchio he's an ex Exxon
lawyer and you see all of these people
who were involved in Exxon Mobil and all
of the oil industries that were
flourishing in Venezuela before Chavez
got a got elected and they just want
their profits back they want their money
back they don't like the fact that
Chavez took the profits from the oil
companies that's what that's what the
crux of the problem is Joe and it's
amazing it's amazing how transparent it
is so ever since these failed coup
attempts over the last decade the US has
been fomenting regime change through the
civil society organizations USAID
offshoots in the country and and
basically trying to foment violent
unrest a violent unrest to the extent
that they burned down streets there's
lynch mobs i mean when i was there
during the height of the violence in
2017 like 200 people died and the news
just kept saying but like insinuating
that Maduro was going out there with
police forces and actually gunning down
people in the streets it couldn't be
farther from the truth we looked at all
the deaths we broke them all down we
looked at death records and we found out
that the opposition lynch mobs were
actually responsible for the
overwhelming majority of deaths in the
streets so that's happening people get
lynched for being black they get lynched
for being Chavez mode these people are
targeting maternity clinics hospitals
basically any enclave of government
services because that's what this is
really about it's about a kind of a
fascistic bent of the opposition wanting
to take back the power from the poor the
poor people got power and they didn't
like it and that's what the crux of the
problem is but when you're looking at
the corporate media it's an absurdly
cartoonish brush that's being painted
and then if you look at the liberal
media with Maddow and all these other
people they either don't talk
or they say Maduro needs to let the Adan
you even saw Bernie and Elizabeth Warren
saying Maduro needs to let the aide in
let the aid in Maduro the aid was the
coup the aid was was a trick they're
getting aid everyday from countries that
are not trying to actively overthrow
them but we staged this big stunt on the
border of Colombia and by the way
Colombia is actually suffering more than
Venezuela Colombia is in dire poverty
there's people getting assassinated
every week who are labor leaders and
teachers I went there and I talked to a
teacher who's living in exile because
he's scared for his fucking life but we
don't hear about that right because
they're allies with the u.s. so it's
it's a cynical stunt to try to get this
humanitarian international outcry to say
oh my god people are dying people are
hungry it's not a matter of that there's
no food it's that food is very expensive
because there's an actual economic war
being waged by massive corporations in
the country and just external entities
whether it be the Trump administration
or US multinationals that are X fixating
preventing aid and food from coming in
and the aid that they're they're
claiming that they need to accept is
basically a hoax it's a stunt to try to
get regime change to happen we just saw
Richard Branson stage some ridiculous
big concert on the border of Colombia
and they had like what they said were
aid trucks on this big bridge and you
had CNN on the ground being like alright
they need to let the aid in and why
don't they let the aid in and the aid
was it was fake it was just a truck full
of like I don't know like very miniscule
things but they wanted to try to ram
these trucks through just to get the
soldiers up in arms and try to get them
to defect it hasn't worked they've been
trying over and over again to try to get
something going and basically at the end
of the day what happened was just a
giant money grab it was basically a
money-laundering scheme you look at
these people who are the opposition
leaders now Juan Y doe Carlos Vecchio
they've just stolen all the money back
maybe they realized the coup wasn't
going to go forward but they basically
ended up stealing at least seventy
million dollars and just putting it
right in these people's bank accounts
it's pretty shocking I mean you have
international it's an international
conspiracy
to try to take the money back from from
the people whose money's was was
basically administered by Maduro for
Social Services is nationalizing the oil
nationalizing the oil is the root of it
all and also just uplifting the poor I
mean poor people got a voice and they
never had a voice in that country their
entire lives and that country was you
know as a colonial holdover and so the
Bolivarian movement started this pink
tide all across latin america and it was
scary it was a giant threat to the US
establishment and actually that's why
Telesur was founded tell us sir that the
the organization that I used to sell the
show to it was started as kind of a
counter to this global hegemony in this
corporate narrative trying to overthrow
these democratically elected leaders but
it's shocking when you see like the Bank
of England seized all of this gold that
was rightfully maderos they seized it
illegally all of these these banks and
international bodies just stole all this
money and they just gave it to these
opposition leaders so even though the
opposition leaders weren't able to take
you know take the power back in the
country they still have taken all the
money and no one's talking about that
and everyone's just acting like this is
some crazy dictatorship that needs are
saving how dare you who the fuck do we
think we are
we're uninformed right yeah yeah you
should check out everyone should check
out our Empire files YouTube channel
because we've done extensive coverage on
the ground really going into the nuts
and bolts of what the economic crisis
really is and my partner Mike prize nerd
did this epic takedown of John Oliver
you know the liberal media is just as
bad John Oliver did some fucking
absurdly false kind of like analysis of
the whole Venezuela situation and we
just went through and debunked every
single line of it I mean it was
extremely disingenuous I bet he had
someone who wrote all right right so I
bet he probably has no real knowledge of
it nor could you really unless you
extensively studied it the way you have
and especially if you have feet on the
ground right I think that most people
just in order to understand a complex
nuanced problem like some sort of an
international conflict that we're
involved in that has to do
nationalizing oil like goddamn you got
to do a lot of work your deal you do and
if you run in a show like last week
tonight or whatever the fuck it was
called you have producers doing
everything
someone else is doing that I mean you
find that with a lot of these so-called
online experts and when you talk to them
one-on-one and you get them off the
record without notes like they're just
people well there's this guy this UN
Human Rights investigator named Alfred
days is that I did this big interview
with and he said he tried to propose
this to the UN saying there is new no
humanitarian crisis there this is all
fake yes people are suffering and dying
but it's not because of maderos policies
and corruption this is because of US
sanctions that have exceeded the economy
and prevented any sort of recovery from
taking place and the economy is still in
freefall they can't work with
international bodies again we have the
threats of sanctions with institutions
that now work with Venezuela so they've
been isolated they've been isolated from
the world
so was the idea that they just put these
sanctions in place allow this political
unrest to take place support the
opposition and then just have a slow
burn until it all collapses and yes I'm
gonna swoop in and fix everything and
make it a part of the United States
government and then these people will
not have a voice any longer and another
thing that they hate is that Maduro is
given two million free homes to people
that's something that's completely
unheard of to maybe Americans but that's
one thing that Juan wydo said that he
would do he immediately implemented a
new hydrocarbons law or he was proposing
to implement a new hydrocarbons law
which is again you know reprieve atty
zhing the oil and also just immediately
privatizing all of the social services
that Maduro and chavez did so it's it's
pretty shocking what would happen and
pretty devastating what would happen if
if Y dough's coup did succeed and the
whole Trump administration I mean it's
not just Venezuela it's Nicaraguan Cuba
too I mean we can't go to Cuba anymore
what was the purpose and what was the
rationale because socialism is
terrifying and we can't just let this
small island nation just live its life
we have to create some genocide 'el
blockade that prevents food and medicine
from getting in there too but what was
the did was there a justification did
they say why they were doing this
they're imposing these new laws no it's
just John Bolton's bizarre speech about
the troika of tyranny
remember that member the axis of evil
remember that now it's the troika of
tyranny Nicaragua Cuban Venezuela it's
like wait I thought that I thought that
we were fighting a war on terrorism
we're going up in Nicaragua - yeah
because of Ortega yeah they hate anyone
who leans left they want to crush crush
hmm it's pretty fucking nuts what's that
one is a weird one right the Cuba ones
because what what has happened over
there nothing the only thing they just
did was actually give out free HIV
prevention pills and they that's what
they fucked up yeah no it's the
Venezuela things a mess it's it's so
difficult because it's so nuanced but
that's you know I encourage everyone to
maybe check out Venezuela analysis and
Empire files and tell us or if they want
to learn more about that situation have
you encountered any de monetization of
your channel from discussing these
complex issues yes we have so we
actually stopped monetizing altogether
so we are at a free but we wouldn't we
would have been demonetized and I'm
absolutely sure and we also are slapped
with age restrictions and sensitive
content bans on almost every single
video that we've put up whether it be
Israel Palestine or Venezuela really and
then what would cause you to get an age
restriction or a sensitive content ban
like is there anything that is like a
fairly innocuous video that you guys put
out that I was also gotten a absolutely
like Mike's video about John Oliver was
just literally taking clips from John
Oliver and then critiquing them and they
said that was sensitive content ban it's
like well what do you mean why is that
sensitive content ban but I think it has
to do or an issue because you're
criticizing an HBO show no no because
it's happened with with almost every
single one of our videos and so you have
to make sure that you're logged in that
you prove your age just all these
different steps and gatekeeping methods
to prevent people from from getting
access to our channel and another crazy
thing about it is if you just search
like Empire files Venezuela like it will
take you a really long time to actually
find our work
even if you type in the channel name
Abby Martin and and these subjects it's
it's really difficult to find and
they've made that difficult to find on
purpose I have no doubt well it's also
weird like how they determine what is
trending right you know because it's not
real right what's trending right not
really what is trending like Alex Jones
freaked out is like they're Keita
because the video had got millions and
millions of hits like they're they're
censoring us from trending I'm like dude
I got news for you I've never trended
ever really zero oh you know that's fake
that's where it's for yeah zero times a
channel dumbest but shouldn't they be
building your channel up no some people
like it some people over there like it I
think it's too fucked up you know I
think the like they don't know what I'm
doing like there's not it's not you
can't put it in a clear box and there's
too much too many comedians on and
there's too much weed and people get
drunk and they you know they talk about
easy shit and it's uncensored I just
think I don't it's a very complex thing
this sort of but you know it's happening
there's you know someone has made a
choice to never have it trend there's
it's trended zero times how many views
we had total you're talking about that
one report the guy did that's in are
zero times yeah well then we have
trended but it's been like a very few
amount of times like over five years
that report was like over a one-year
period but we haven't trended in years
the main channel has in our Clips
channel pops up there every so all clips
Channel I don't know trending pages are
telling pages in a good gauge to mark
stuff I don't like well it's not like
this is the news of the day kind of page
but it does help people like see people
that are trendy yeah my friend to look
good
I know that he's your friend to Peter
Joseph who's been on the show before hit
you know zeitgeist and the zeitgeist
trilogy was like one of the most popular
videos online and that was totally
fuckin censored yeah hundred percent
well can barely find that anymore this
is the issue that people have with
Facebook and Google and any of these
gigantic online
corporations that are deciding what is
and isn't popular and and and using
algorithms to steer people in directions
you know one of the more fascinating
discussions that's happened over the
past few years is this understanding
that their algorithms favor people
arguing on things if like if you want to
have a subject like say abortion and you
put up you know if you're a pro-choice
or pro-life person you're gonna get
steered towards things you disagree with
so that you didn't you engage with them
more because that's where the money is
the money is in you being upset and
engaging and that's where people that's
where people really get into it so the
more you engage the more profitable it
is for Facebook and the more they
encourage that type of behavior so
they're they're algorithm actually
encouraged pisses you encourage it right
pissing you off and wants you to stay on
YouTube and just go down the rabbit hole
yeah particularly Facebook but with
YouTube that was one of the that weird
New York Times piece the radicalization
of some soft-minded child who got online
and was turned into a right winger and
then was subsequently turned into a left
winger by another video and they're like
finally he was saved like are you sure I
didn't read it
yeah nonsense because it sort of
connected a lot of people that aren't
even right-wing including me with the
radicalization of this young man and
they did link some websites that or some
YouTube channels that are right you know
that are right-leaning and and or even
far-right but they also threw in a bunch
of other ones that like Phil Edie right
who's not right-wing at all me and a few
other folks well that's the algorithm
algorithm just takes you down down down
yeah but they were New York Times
article was suggesting that we all were
right wing's it was a sloppy article
just wasn't resident really well done
but what's interesting is the conclusion
ultimately he was saved by this by their
algorithm yeah their algorithm led him
got him out yeah led him to an
opposition of that exact left-wing
person's YouTube employee wrote it or
some shit just idea that
this is the thing that drives me crazy
save you believe something right and
then if you go online and you read
something else and that something else
is contrary to what you believe and you
start believing in that something else
somehow another that's bad this is one
of the great arguments against
censorship is like you have to figure
out what the fuck makes sense the only
way to figure out what makes sense is to
read all kinds of things to engage with
all kinds of content the idea that we're
supposed to protect people because we
know what's right we know it's correct
well who are you let me let me talk to
you if you think you know what's correct
you're the arbiter of free speech or the
arbiter of logical discourse and in
common sense in this world let me ask
you things let me talk to you let me get
to the heart of how you feel how do you
feel about trans kids transitioning when
they're six how do you feel about all
sorts of crazy weird things that have
just been propped up as logical and make
sense how do you how do you feel about
war how do you feel about abortion how
do you feel about ghosts how are you who
are you and you just you just get to
choose whether or not someone lien or
information that comes to them leans
left or right I think it's preposterous
I just think it's incredibly dangerous
because you have to have an unbelievably
complex and nuanced perspective in order
to be able to dictate what makes or does
not make sense and you you have to have
a lot of information at your disposal
you have to have a lot if you're talking
about something like Venezuela let's
look at that for example look at what
you know and then look what you see in
what you would call progressive
left-wing media that to your knowledge
is incorrect and it's basically
propaganda points that's being
redistributed in this way that is
palatable now imagine if the people
decide that you abbi Martin are somehow
another part of some right-wing
conspiracy now and they they're gonna
censor your voice and censor Europe
because it doesn't fit in to this
narrative that they're but because you
need so much information to be like to
really
understand what's happening in this one
part of South America the word right
exactly
it's so complex well they treat us like
children and they think that we're not
smart enough to actually discern what is
information that we need and I mean I
want the Russian perspective I want the
Venezuelan perspective I want the
Chinese perspective because I feel like
we're smart enough to really determine
our own reality based on all the
available information well this is where
we're fucked is that we don't have a
reliable independent source that's not
filled with hyperbole and emotion and
and and dunking on people and screaming
and insulting and I want someone who can
break things down logically and clearly
with no ideological Bend they are you're
not leaning left you're not leaning
right what where is that and why why
doesn't that exist I think it's because
it's not necessarily human and and you
know people have opinions and they have
biases and either that couch those
biases and like these think tanks and
pretend like they're these unbiased
journalists or they just kind of wear it
on their sleeve like I do with Empire
files and media routes which is my you
know my news organization that I do with
my brother Robbie but I mean we try to
lay it out but we also don't hide where
we're coming I almost appreciate that
more than then a lot of these
journalists so-called journalists who
are really kind of stenographers who
pretend like they are unbiased and
they're like I'm just giving it to you
straight and and at the end of the day
they're they're really not they're
trying to tow a line and they're trying
to push a certain perspective but it's
just not obvious yeah it's just we live
in such a strange time where we are
overwhelmed with data I mean right
overwhelmed you you cannot get away from
it and there's no way there's not a
fucking human alive that understands all
of it it is impossible it really is
impossible and it's so hard to find out
what is true and what what is bullshit
right oh my god what you posted about
how you can now change people's like you
can make a picture talk yes they're
crazy we're in the way of a wave of lies
I know I was like that's what
Lisa looked like cool she's talking I
like to do coke with other planes even
though they were invented like you could
have the Mona Lisa say anything yeah
really disturbing what we're in for
what like what's coming buckle up buckle
up Yeah right
imagine the fourth fifth and sixth
generation of this technology lies by
government you know oh my god and then
being utilized by someone to sort of I
mean you could easily justify
assassination so you can prove that
someone saying something fucked up you
killed them and then you release the
tape of them saying something fucked up
don't really that this person was you
can yeah sure for sure for sure oh my
god this drone strike anyone what I'm
hoping is that if you look at what this
technology is doing with technology in
generals doing particularly like
information technology internet cellular
phones and smart phones all these
devices and and and all the the various
new incarnations that are coming out
what they seem to be doing is they seem
to be creating portals for which
information is more quickly accessed
it's more and more transparent like
ideas are getting to people quicker
there's less and I think this is one of
the things that these companies like
Google and Facebook and Twitter and also
they're trying to like figure out a way
to manage this like well this is just
too crazy we have to figure out how to
manage information and get it right at
people things that they want to say but
I think ultimately it's going to fail
and I think ultimately as technology as
all these innovations keep coming down
the pipe we're going to get closer and
closer to this time where everyone has
an instantaneous and equal access to
information and I think that when that
time does come lying will be virtually
impossible I really do believe that
because I think we're we're probably a
decade away from implementing some sort
of a device or an ability to read minds
I don't believe that that's kind of
terrifying I think they're gonna develop
some sort of technology that allows us
to link up together and through some
some sort of some new way of
communicating
that we did we don't foresee now but if
you just look at this trend like what is
the trend the trend was oh you go to the
library and get a book or now you can
get a book online well now you get a
book on your phone
well now you could have that book read
to you on your phone now I mean it's all
this you know now in Australian accent
boom boom boom boom it keeps getting
closer and closer to you and I think
there's going when Elon Musk he's being
very vague about it won't write us what
he's doing but this neural link thing
that he's doing that he thinks is going
to radically increase the bandwidth
between human beings and information and
he thinks it's going to literally change
humanity wow what the fuck that means
but if he's working on something like
that he's not the only one and if you're
wearing some sort of a device that
allows you to access information that
this round
what what the next step would be was to
is to make it so that you can tap into
some sort of a universal language and
this universal language would not be
dependent upon like these various
languages where Spanish or Chinese or
whatever it is but some sort of a new
language that kids learn and a new
language the universal language that's
distributed through online platforms and
I'll have this all go straight to your
fucking brain Wow it's gonna happen
where we're becoming cyborgs in some
sort of a weird way and that's the other
thing that Elan said we're already
cyborgs we just carry it around with us
and that's what your phone is right
we're so dependent upon these devices it
just seems to make sense that the
general direction that all this is going
is becoming more and more invasive and
more and more inclusive more and more
invasive in terms of it's it's the way
it's sort of ingrained in your body and
becomes a part of your life but becomes
more and more a part of everyone's life
and then more inclusive in terms of more
access to this information and more
access to thoughts and I just think
we're just a few years away from someone
making a breakthrough Wow I think in
some ways it's he's gonna do this have I
shown you this before this thing is
glass there you go or you can talk to it
without moving his mouth and it can
communicates with a computer this is
this is over a year old so I don't know
what the developments they've made since
then yeah I sent this to Eli and he says
it's just a trick he said this is
basically like a trick he said yeah this
has given you information you don't need
to talk to it but he said what he's
doing is far more complex and then I
asked him questions any went radio
silent
that guy looks like a dork wearing that
thing yeah probably but that looks like
some Iron Man type shit he's gonna wear
a football helmet that does that if I
just one one step this is like then the
next thing they get this on a Bluetooth
thing just touched your ear that like
everybody's been already been walking
around with the last 25 years so he's
essentially calculating his groceries as
he walks around yeah he's just this is
just probably connected to his phone I
was just sort of showing you this this
is already may be available and like
they're showing this is proof of concept
go back this up because it was let's
read the narration because it just said
something there so without right there
without any voice or just go back to
understand okay really right there
without any voice or discernible
movements enabling the user to
communicate with devices just let it
play um okay so a I assistance
applications or other people in a silent
yeah yeah so video wrote yeah who the
fuck can read that fast I'm reading
pretty very simply by vocalizing they're
eternally sub to be wearing one of these
devices tell your brain they're trying
to tell you stupid stupid you need this
can i play we have a little trailer for
the film could i play it really quick
short check out Empire files and it's
the most recent thing how long have you
guys been independent like ad-free
basically a year since I came out right
after I came on last year the sanctions
shut down our show and so we had to do
this giant fundraiser and it was just
absolutely very difficult to yeah here
it is yep let's check it out Empire
files Gaza fights for freedom and this
is this is the little trailer for a film
that just came out
and then I didn't know who does that
move into the computer this is our
eldest daughter she was my first joy she
was killed she's a medic you want to
read this first time female to field
though as a girl she was the first to go
to the March encampments and everyone
participated I too participated the
whole family did my husband my children
my neighbors my siblings did to all
Palestinians participated our March is
peaceful we do not carry weapons and we
should listen bare chests we stand
before a huge force of a fortified army
with tanks gas and warplanes our march
is peaceful will react right I have the
right to have a country I have the right
to have a home all those refugees have
the right to return to their homes
so during this protest is this when
these people were shot what we're seeing
here yeah so it's a lot of people who
are getting carried out cooing little
kids and they're shooting at them and
this is isn't it time yet she says
everyone around the world is sitting
there watching us and they're all
comfortable with their lives here we are
under siege we have no borders no life
where are we supposed to go so this is
coming out in a couple weeks where we're
fine-tuning it but we just had a big
theatrical release in downtown and it
was it was really cool that's where you
saw the Oliver Stone yeah there yeah
it's it's it's sick I mean you texted me
that video of the kid you know another
medic was just shot so yeah there's
something reasonably Mohamed who's well
the UFC fighters had on his Instagram
and I texted you that this week it's so
again this is another thing that's so
difficult to understand what's actually
going on there's so many pro-israel
people that put their head in the sand
and don't want to look at some of these
atrocities and don't want to look at
some of the videos that you sent me of
soldiers shooting in people that are not
doing anything right I mean yeah I mean
their whole argument is that it's all
Hamas and their human shields I mean we
looked through hundreds of hours of
footage that these people gave us and
it's mind-blowing footage it looks
absolutely cinematic and epic but the
footage is harrowing and I didn't see
one weapon I didn't see one militant not
one weapon it was literally people with
slingshots throwing rocks at tanks it's
kind of a rite of passage it's very
symbolic they're not trying to hurt
anyone no Israeli soldiers have been
hurt or killed you know during 2018
which is what the film looks at is is
through 2018 of the great march of
return and there's not any weapons
there's no militants Hamas has nothing
to do with these with the March and it's
just shocking
I mean it's shocking how many war crimes
were committed on camera and it's just
amazing the propaganda that's just told
to us about what this is and and why
they have the right to kill people that
pose no threat to them
when you were on last time when you
talked about this one of my email
accounts was flooded with literally a
chain letter the same letter like
denouncing you and your lies and your
anti-semitic perspective and your anti
Israelis perspective it was it was weird
because it was the same email
astroturfed yeah I was fake yeah you
know that's a campaign you know that
that has a lot of money behind it yeah
there's a lot of money behind that I
mean the film is mind-blowing
go to Gaza fights for freedom calm if
you want to check it out when it when it
gets released and it's just really on
incontrovertible Joe I mean there you
know even if it were a war between
armies all of these things that Israel's
done are still documented war crimes and
very Grievous violations of
international law and we're talking
about direct targeting and
assassinations by Israeli snipers of
disabled people of children breasts and
medics and that's what who rose on was
she was a medic and and as you mentioned
another medic just passed away was
killed rather I hate to use the passive
voice because you always hear
Palestinians died no they were murdered
they're all being murdered by snipers
and they pose no threat to them and so
the film looks at this UN investigation
basically during the march in 2018 and
documents all of the grievous crimes and
atrocities conducted by the Israeli
military and I mean you know Palestine
has a right to defend itself and this
isn't even what that is but if you look
at the UN Charter of 1978 they say that
you know occupied peoples and besieged
people's have the right actually for
armed self-defense and and the fact that
this is not even what that is that
there's literally people going out there
in peace with their bare chests holding
flags and they're getting killed and
snipe there's so many amputations I mean
just in 2018 alone there was 35 kids who
were killed 900 shot Jesus yeah that's
children and and you know some of these
stories are harrowing a kid hiding
behind a trash can who was sniped a kid
who went up to the fence and just put a
Palestinian flag and she was shot in the
and died instantly it just it goes on
and on and on and so you know we're just
trying to document this to really kind
of push the needle for accountability
because these laws have been agreed upon
by the international community some of
them 100 years ago and to have kind of a
rogue state acting with complete
impunity knowing that it has total
protection from the US Empire and given
more freedom than ever under Trump with
this Golan Heights thing and the moving
of the Jerusalem embassy or the moving
of the embassy to Jerusalem I mean it's
just it's abysmal and it needs to be
stopped and you know they can't control
the narrative any longer because we're
seeing this with our own eyes and that's
what this film does is really lays it
all out Abby you concentrate and focus
on so many different fucked up parts of
you so you're very friendly and upbeat
like see like you're laughing at this
how do you manage to maintain your
sanity because I I have a hard time if I
just watch when I have your pieces right
I watched one of your clips and I just
go what the fuck I just want to cry and
I don't know what to do and I want to
hug my kids but you're in this you're in
the trenches every day and you go to
these places all the time how do you how
do you do it well I think that well
first of all I go and camp a lot I get
into nature a lot which is also kind of
depressing knowing that you know climate
change and blah blah blah but I try to
get out and see the beauty of the world
and understand my privilege especially
as an American citizen because I don't
have we can't afford to not be aware and
we can't afford to not be educated and
talking about these issues especially
when our government is subsidizing this
around the world ten million dollars
every day with our tax dollars you know
I mean this is this is going on and it's
so close to home and we have to
acknowledge our privilege and
acknowledge the situation which is we
have agency we have agency to lobby our
government to change this and to stop
these criminal acts but do you ever feel
that it's almost like you're absorbing
too much because you are looking at all
the problems of all the people and said
plus billion around the world and all
these different horrific and Justices I
try to focus on what I can do and what I
can do is is challenge my own government
and you know as an American citizen
living in this society I think that the
US Empire and the Pentagon is the source
of a lot of problems around the world I
look at the world as complex I mean you
have to understand the issues that are
going on especially with foreign policy
in terms of the colonized and colonizers
the oppressed and oppressors and the
u.s. is role as well as other previous
empires role in shaping the world as it
is today and a lot of the problems that
have arisen are because directly u.s.
foreign policy whether it be the global
war on terrorism whether it be terrorism
in general I mean that you know drone
strikes basically cause terrorism
whether it be the environmental crises
the Pentagon is actually the largest
polluter in the world more than 140
countries that's essentially every
country in the world almost a bigger
polluter than the top four chemical
companies combined so it all kind of
stems back from this notion that you
know the u.s. is the world's largest
empire that's ever existed and it needs
to be stopped to save humanity and so as
an American citizen I look at all of the
problems and I understand that there is
like a very common route and I can do
something about this common route and if
you're looking at domestic problems the
lack of health care the lack of
education I mean Martin Luther King
called it decades ago he says you know a
nation that spends more and more on
military spending is facing social death
I probably butchered his quote but
that's essentially the spiritual death I
think he's what he said but I mean it
that's exactly what's happening is when
we're squandering all of our money
bolstering up this huge global Empire
we're not taking care of our people at
home our brothers and sisters at home my
empathy extends as an internationalist
all around the world I you know I feel
for my brothers and sisters in Palestine
Yemen everywhere but I can only do what
I can do based on what my government is
doing and and you know it's doing a lot
it's doing a lot of horrible things and
it's time for us to really acknowledge
what those horrible things are because
we need to reinvigorate and
or movement in this country and when
you're saying that drone strikes create
terrorism what you're really saying is
it well what people if they don't
understand drone strikes primarily kill
civilians right yeah it's a it's a
really crazy number and it's this very
strange sanitized way of handling an
issue where if you had a person and you
had some Rambo character you send them
overseas you said hey I want you to go
get this Isis terrorist and in the
process kill everybody the fuck that you
see everybody everybody that's in front
of them that person would be a war
criminal all right if you had a guy and
he knew that some Isis guy was in an
apartment building so he just started
gunning down men women and children in
that apartment building until he got to
the terrorists that guy would go to jail
but if you do it with a remote control
and you launch Hellfire missiles out of
a drone and it blows up the apartment
building and kills all these innocent
people but also gets the terrorist its
mission accomplished and it's crazy
it's crazy that we're signing off on
that right and what gives us the right
it's to kill people it's it's a thing
because we're not there where there's
this weird sort of a just a there's a
bridge that we're allowed to cross into
this really sickening act it's very
stupid when you have anything that's
ineffective to the point where most of
the people it kills are good people or
at least our innocent people should say
that's crazy I mean this is not saying
that there's not terrorism it's not
saying there's not horrible people and
Isis absolutely right yeah look I'm a
pro military person I think we need
military and I think it's just like the
same I need we need cops but to deny
that cops sometimes are bad is fucking
crazy to not deny that sometimes when
you allow the military industrial
complex to do things like have drones
that launch missiles into wedding
parties because you think one of the
people might be a terrorist and are
often incorrect often to the tune of 90
plus percent yeah it's crazy yeah and
you look at you know the last 10 years
you look at some of these terror
who have conducted terrorist acts you
look at actually what their intention
was and a lot of them the vast majority
literally cite u.s. foreign policy
avenge u.s. foreign policy I mean every
time you kill 98 percent innocent people
whoever survives if you lost your whole
family and that you have an incredible
amount of motivation to get back at
whoever did it right and that whoever
did it is the United States we need to
stop normalizing this and you know
militarily speaking Trump actually you
know it's not just Trump I mean this is
a bipartisan effort throughout the
entire Congress if there's one thing
Congress can agree upon it's to make
nonviolent BDS efforts against Israel
legal and also to just keep ramping up
the military and egging on whoever's
sitting in the Oval Office to be more
militaristic and that's exactly what's
happened with Trump in a bizarre way I
mean Congress approved like a 7 a near
trillion dollar defense budget and the
increase alone in the last year was
basically Russia's entire military
budget more than Russia's entire
military budget that's how much this
shit's ramping up and then you have the
space force I mean it's just like how
far is this gonna go the societies
collapsing if you looked at the argument
against this you would say we need this
in order to keep people safe here that
would be the argument against it I my
question would be what are we what
threat is there Isis when has Isis ever
done anything here other than I mean
there was like a truck I mean come on
we already know the statistics on
terrorism in this country and they're
very low right I mean you're basically
more likely to die from like furniture
falling on you or sure it's hard man
yeah yeah and the whole Isis thing I
mean as we know Isis arose out of US
foreign policy the the failed state in
Libya the Iraq war that's still
criminally ongoing I mean Trump
announced this indefinite extension of
the criminal occupation of Iraq it's
just crazy how normalized this is you
know far longer than Vietnam we're in
Afghanistan fatalities that aren't
all-time high all of these things are a
direct result of u.s. foreign policy and
look at the ref you
crisis look at immigration the Honduras
coup all the shit's connected and that's
what we need to start like expanding our
consciousness and our empathy worldwide
to understand all of these things are
linked and the struggle is all linked
and our world is shrinking really
rapidly what candidate speaks in this
way
like what candidate do you think
understands and recognizes all these
things that you're talking about I mean
Mike Ravel is the only one who's like we
need to end the US Empire Bernie and
Mike Ravel was uh he was the guy who
basically read the Pentagon Papers into
record he is he's a good guy he's like
this online campaign that's really
awesome but I mean Tulsi is speaking a
lot about regime change Wars which is
extremely important but she still
believes in drone strikes she basically
has a little bit of Obama's foreign
policy that I don't agree with that
fundamental understanding limited drone
strikes like maybe if there's an Isis
camp somewhere I mean I can't believe
that she believes in some sort of uh
just broad brush use of it I haven't
looked into the the nuances of that but
I do think that no one is saying what I
want them to about US Empire about you
know scaling back the US Empire and and
stopping all of the civil society
movements because it's not just about
invasions anymore it's about you know
usurping the democratic processes of all
of these countries like what we've done
in Venezuela what we're doing all around
the world to try to foment unrest all of
this needs to be stopped
do you foresee a time where our
dependence on foreign oil is radically
reduced to the point where it doesn't
justify these regime change wars and our
dependence on these resources that these
people have I mean this is almost every
conflict in the world you can boil down
to the acquisition of resources right
and also the protection of capital and
that's like what a lot is what a lot of
it is now is actually just capital
interests needing to expand and grow and
continuing to up and increase the profit
structure of these corporations and
that's exactly why we've seen
imperialism you know
kind of go out of control in the way
that it has I don't know I mean I I
thought that we were more independent
oil wise I don't think it's good I think
that climate change yeah I think that
climate hasn't stopped yeah you know it
hasn't stopped the imperialist
misadventures of the US government so I
think there just needs to be a really
big shift in consciousness and and
people to stop thinking that it's our
right and that we have you know the
right and the duty to do this around the
world it doesn't give us the right we
don't have it's not right man it's
really not and we need to really
reinvigorate the masses here because
again society is collapsing that's
pretty fucking obvious well if it is if
it's not obvious what is obvious is that
we're not evolving right in terms of if
we're still involved in drone strikes
that killed ninety eight percent of
people if we're still involved in regime
change Wars we're still involved in
these unnecessary military actions
against Iran it's these things that
people freaking out about this is all
the same kind of shit that people have
been fighting against forever that we
don't want our brothers and sisters and
husbands and wives to die for nonsense
we don't want them to die for some
people that live in these
air-conditioned rooms that are making
billions of dollars that are profiting
off of the actions of these these noble
people who think that they're doing it
to protect America I mean this is the
narrative that they're being served this
is what they're being told and when
they're going to these places they're
not going to those places to act as evil
as to as the the boots of some empire
they're going over there because they
think they're protecting freedom they
think they're protecting their family
and their loved ones back home that's
why they're doing it if we're still
doing that we're not evolving well I
mean that's what's so scary about the
Iran thing because the people who are
surrounding Iran and being directed to
go out there they're the ones who are
gonna be the sacrificial lamb for these
defense contractors and I don't think
that you can argue anymore that this is
for
I mean how can you what threat does Iran
pose it's a tough sell I don't I don't
understand what threat they serve either
and what what benefit would it be for
them to start some shit with us and
theirs that is the craziest idea ever
and it's like my you know a nine year
old kid trying to pick a fight with Mike
Tyson it's fucking crazy doesn't make
any sense like what are you trying to do
trying to get killed
I mean inevitably we're trying to get to
the global confrontation with China and
Russia I guess I mean that's it's scary
to think that we only have a couple
independent states left to knock down to
be under complete subjugation from the
US military in global capitalism it's
pretty nuts well not only that even if
we do move into some sort of a some sort
of a situation where we're in control
then we're a bigger target and with the
amount of nuclear weapons that are
possessed by these countries that were I
mean just what North Korea has just this
one small fucked-up country could ruin
life on Earth just this one country and
forget about Russia we could literally
annihilate each other right that's right
that's a possibility right I mean if if
someone chose to launch an attack if
they decided that they have the
justification to launch an attack and
then all sudden we're in a real war yeah
like a fucking war war with people
invading us shit get down buildings and
bombs blow up I mean over what this
can't be avoided this is the only way
the only way is missiles and bombs like
you said we're not evolving or devolving
I mean it's it's unbelievable we have
the capacity to provide for everyone we
have the capacity to cooperate to
innovate and we're stuck we're stuck
dehumanizing the other we're stuck with
this mask conditioning to basically
perpetuate these these and Justices and
its really a shame I mean we have all
the information at our fingertips but we
still keep reverting back to what's the
myths
it's that underpin our society these
conversations I have with you are so
depressing because it's always I always
leave going what what can be done what
can we do what where does it end where
does it go you know these are these are
the the big questions and then also that
what we discussed before it's impossible
for anyone to really have a deep nuanced
understanding of all these different
issues right right I mean I think
focusing on what you can do we can only
do what we can do right and you have to
understand that you know you can't get
debilitated or disillusioned with you
know the the influx of information or
just the complete you know the heaviness
of it all you just have to do what you
can do you're doing what you can do you
have me on to help spread awareness
about these issues and annual free
[Laughter]
you're about to get spammed with a lot
of Hasbro and they don't have my real
email but that's that's what we can do
Joe and and you just have to live your
life and provide for your kids and and
love what you have and but also just
understand your place you know and just
extend the empathy that you can and just
yeah I mean it's it's hard because I
don't have the answer all I know is
what's needed and what's needed is we
need a movement of the masses it's not
going to come from the top down it's
gonna come from a grassroots mobilized
effort to try to change these policies
that's the only way things have ever
changed in the past and I absolutely
have hope and optimism that we're gonna
change things and that we're going to
correct this horrible path that we're on
do you think that the 2020 elections can
have a real significant impact of any of
this do you think that whoever gets into
office can really have an effect on the
kind of policies that we're talking
about with the kind of influence of the
military industrial complex of all these
lobbyists of Wall Street of all all
these like monstrous machines that this
pure good old-fashioned democracy can
actually step in and and turn this ship
away from the rocks
Bernie I really do think that he's one
of our last chances not because I think
that he's going to completely do some
rebel
upheaval from the top down as we know
Congress is stacked with a lot of
terrible people who will block a lot of
these efforts but I think that he's
going to mobilize the masses and
reinvigorate the labor movement and
reinvigorate unions and help workers
understand that they need to fight for
these rights that have been eviscerated
you know over the last hundred years one
thing that does inspire me as well as
seeing people like Ilan Omar you know
she is incredible she's a Somali refugee
she advocates BDS against Israel and she
does not fucking back down I love that
woman
what an incredible woman she got
viciously attacked for retweeting one of
my episodes from Empire Files and I
think it just shows how scared people
are of her and her ideas and you saw how
hard everyone came down on her for just
saying that Israel has an influential
lobby in DC yeah well they she's also
wearing religious garb so people are
scared of that right right away the job
and then there was something some hit
piece on her yesterday they're saying
they think she married a brother oh
that's ridiculous yeah Thank You
Nicholas to get into this country that
she had a religious marriage but then
she had another yeah I don't know she's
the only one in Congress other than play
Eve and of course AOC and you know some
other very few people but she's out
there every day speaking against the
military industrial complex speaking
against the wars I think as a refugee
she understands the effects of US policy
and I'm really excited that she has a
voice in there but again I don't think
that the hope is going to come from
within Congress and the system is way
too far gone with the Electoral College
and the gerrymandering and the voter
rights you know that I've been rescinded
it's it's a lot and it's an uphill
battle but that's why someone like
Bernie I think will turn to the people
and say I can't do this alone you have
to come out and get my back and we have
to have millions of people in the
streets demanding these things that's
the only way it's going to work all
right yeah thank God Andrew Santino's
going on later and we're gonna get hi hi
hi Empire fire and barbells meteor roots
radio eyes left my partner Mike
and donate to keep us alive man Gaza
fights for Jews and Gaza flight of
donate go to Gaza fights for freedom
calm go to the empire files TV and check
out our patreon GoFundMe and PayPal
because we got to keep independent media
alive and keep addressing these issues
and you truly are independently and one
of them very rare ones out there thank
you my friend love you Joe thank you so
much man Abby Martin folks
[Music]
[Applause]